Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you. If someone wants you in their life, they’ll make room for you. You shouldn’t have to fight for a spot. Never, ever insist yourself to someone who continuously overlooks your worth. And remember, it’s not the people that stand by your side when you’re at your best, but the ones who stand beside you when you re at your worst that are your true friends.
In the flood of darkness, hope is the light. It brings comfort, faith, and confidence. It gives us guidance when we are lost, and gives support when we are afraid. And the moment we give up hope, we give up our lives. The world we live in is disintegrating into a place of malice and hatred, where we need hope and find it harder. In this world of fear, hope to find better, but easier said than done, the more meaningful life of faith will make life meaningful.
Only when you understand the true meaning of life can you live truly. Bittersweet as life is, it's still wonderful, and it's fascinating even in tragedy. If you're just alive, try harder and try to live wonderfully.
I believe there is a person who brings sunshine into your life. That person may have enough to spread around. But if you really have to wait for someone to bring you the sun and give you a good feeling, then you may have to wait a long time.
A corpus may contain texts in a single language (monolingual corpus) or text data in multiple languages (multilingual corpus).
In order to make the corpora more useful for doing linguistic research, they are often subjected to a process known as annotation. An example of annotating a corpus is part-of-speech tagging, or POS-tagging, in which information about each word's part of speech (verb, noun, adjective, etc.) is added to the corpus in the form of tags. Another example is indicating the lemma (base) form of each word. When the language of the corpus is not a working language of the researchers who use it, interlinear glossing is used to make the annotation bilingual.
Some corpora have further structured levels of analysis applied. In particular, smaller corpora may be fully parsed. Such corpora are usually called Treebanks or Parsed Corpora. The difficulty of ensuring that the entire corpus is completely and consistently annotated means that these corpora are usually smaller, containing around one to three million words. Other levels of linguistic structured analysis are possible, including annotations for morphology, semantics and pragmatics.
The town of Harpswell consists of several fingers of land, some of which are islands joined to the mainland by bridges, on the east side of Casco Bay on the southern coast of Maine. The principal western finger extends from Brunswick in the north to Potts Point at its very southern tip. Several miles north of Potts Point, in South Harpswell, the peninsula narrows sharply. On the west side of Harpswell Neck Road (Maine State Route 123) near this point is where the Auburn Colony is located. The main access road to the colony is located just south of a tennis court on the colony property. Lining a small network of roads in a roughly east–west orientation are the ten houses of the colony, with the two common buildings just to their north.
The Auburn Colony was founded in 1877 by a group of businessmen from Auburn, "for the purpose of securing the material advantage of society, health, and recreation." Twenty small Gothic Victorian cottages were built on the property they acquired, which were tragically destroyed by fire in 1899, although the two community buildings survived. The colony was rebuilt, with a reduced membership, resulting in construction ten 2 story Shingle style houses. Only three have known architects, all credited to the Lewiston firm of Coombs & Gibbs. In addition to the already-mentioned facilities, the association has a salt-water swimming pool and a small beach.
A storm is any disturbed state of the natural environment or the atmosphere of an astronomical body.[citation needed] It may be marked by significant disruptions to normal conditions such as strong wind, tornadoes, hail, thunder and lightning (a thunderstorm), heavy precipitation (snowstorm, rainstorm), heavy freezing rain (ice storm), strong winds (tropical cyclone, windstorm), wind transporting some substance through the atmosphere such as in a dust storm, among other forms of severe weather.
Storms have the potential to harm lives and property via storm surge, heavy rain or snow causing flooding or road impassibility, lightning, wildfires, and vertical and horizontal wind shear. Systems with significant rainfall and duration help alleviate drought in places they move through. Heavy snowfall can allow special recreational activities to take place which would not be possible otherwise, such as skiing and snowmobiling.
The English word comes from Proto-Germanic *sturmaz meaning "noise, tumult".[1]
Storms are created when a center of low pressure develops with the system of high pressure surrounding it. This combination of opposing forces can create winds and result in the formation of storm clouds such as cumulonimbus. Small localized areas of low pressure can form from hot air rising off hot ground, resulting in smaller disturbances such as dust devils and whirlwinds.
Distribution of the eight subgroups of Mandarin plus Jin Chinese, which many linguists include as part of Mandarin, according to the Language Atlas of China (1987)[74]
The Language Atlas of China calls the remainder of Mandarin a "supergroup", divided into eight dialect groups distinguished by their treatment of the Middle Chinese entering tone (see Tones below):[75][c]
Northeastern Mandarin (98 million), spoken in northeast China except the Liaodong Peninsula.[77] This dialect is closely related to Standard Chinese, with little variation in lexicon and very few tonal differences.
Beijing Mandarin (27 million), spoken in Beijing and environs such as Chengde and northern Hebei, as well as some areas of recent large-scale immigration, such as northern Xinjiang.[78] The Beijing dialect forms the basis of Standard Chinese. This classification is controversial, as a number of researchers view Beijing and Northeastern Mandarin as a single dialect group.[79]
Jilu Mandarin (89 million), spoken in Hebei ("Ji") and Shandong ("Lu") provinces except the Shandong Peninsula, as well as in few counties of Heilongjiang, due to migration. Includes Tianjin dialect.[80] Tones and vocabulary are markedly different. In general, there is substantial intelligibility with Beijing Mandarin.
Jiaoliao Mandarin (35 million), spoken in Shandong (Jiaodong) and Liaodong Peninsulas, as well as in few counties of Heilongjiang, due to migration.[81] Very noticeable tonal changes, different in "flavour" from Ji–Lu Mandarin, but with more variance. There is moderate intelligibility with Beijing.
Central Plains Mandarin (186 million), spoken in Henan province, the central parts of Shaanxi in the Yellow River valley, eastern Gansu, as well as southern Xinjiang, due to recent migration.[82] There are significant phonological differences, with partial intelligibility with Beijing. The Dungan language spoken in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan belongs to this group. Dungan speakers such as the poet Iasyr Shivaza have reported being understood by speakers of the Beijing dialect, but not vice versa.[83]
Lanyin Mandarin (17 million), spoken in central and western Gansu province (with capital Lanzhou) and Ningxia autonomous region (with capital Yinchuan), as well as northern Xinjiang.[84]
Lower Yangtze Mandarin (or Jiang–Huai, 86 million), spoken in the parts of Jiangsu and Anhui on the north bank of the Yangtze, as well as some areas on the south bank, such as Nanjing in Jiangsu, Jiujiang in Jiangxi, etc.[85] There are significant phonological and lexical changes to varying degrees, and intelligibility with Beijing is limited. Lower Yangtze Mandarin has been significantly influenced by Wu Chinese.
Southwestern Mandarin (260 million), spoken in the provinces of Hubei, Sichuan, Guizhou, Yunnan, and the Mandarin-speaking areas of Hunan, Guangxi and southern Shaanxi.[86] There are sharp phonological, lexical, and tonal changes, and intelligibility with Beijing is limited to varying degrees.[45][46]
The Atlas also includes several unclassified Mandarin dialects spoken in scattered pockets across southeastern China, such as Nanping in Fujian and Dongfang on Hainan.[87] Another Mandarin variety of uncertain classification is apparently Gyami, recorded in the 19th century in the Tibetan foothills, who the Chinese apparently did not recognize as Chinese.[88] Some northwestern Mandarin varieties in the Qinghai–Gansu sprachbund have undergone drastic changes in phonology, lexicon and grammar.[89]
textID	text
-----	-----

 Sol Yurick , the writer whose 1965 novel " The Warriors " was adapted into a film 14 years later -- which then became one of the best adapted works ever in video gaming -- died this weekend . He was 88 . Yurick 's work itself was a loose adaptation of a story told 2,300 years before : Anabasis , which chronicles the journey of Greek mercenaries through hostile territory after the death of their leader . Yurick 's book , and The Warriors both open with a grand council of street gangs , convened in the Bronx , and the murder of the leader who called for the gathering ( Cyrus , a direct reference to the leader of the Greeks in Anabasis ) . But the stories then diverge significantly . Walter Hill , the director of The Warriors , strove to give a comic-book depiction of the gang 's flight from the Bronx back to their Coney Island turf . ( Indeed , in Yurick 's book , the gang 's mascot , Junior , reads a comic book version of, each faction was given a name and a costume theme invoking it , typified by the iconic " Baseball Furies " the protagonist Warriors fight in Riverside Park . After making their way through rival gangs ' turf in Manhattan and then back to Coney Island , the Warriors defeat the gang responsible for Cyrus ' death . Advertisement The Warriors became a cult hit , partly because its exaggerated portrayal of New York City 's lawlessness fit with the image of violent crime and decay that blighted the city in the late 1970s . A staple of Saturday and Sunday afternoon movie programming on UHF stations , the film faded from popular memory until Rockstar resurrected it as a video game 26 years later . Sponsored The Warriors , released in 2005 for the Xbox and PS2 , began with a three-minute recreation of the film 's opening sequence ( shown above ) . Set to the blood pumping guitar and synthesizer of Barry Vorzon 's original soundtrack , it 's one of the best openings a video game has ever had . Critics familiarwell in a year full of big hits . Primarily a brawler , with some limited open-world features , the game also served as a canonical prologue to the all-gang meeting in the Bronx . It is playable only on the PlayStation 2 and original Xbox ; a version for the PSP was released in 2007. 
That 's What They Say : Dialect Society chooses its words of the year For this week 's edition of " That 's What They Say , " University of Michigan Professor Anne Curzan spoke with us from Boston , where she was attending the American Dialect Society 's annual meeting , whose 200 members voted on their " Word of the Year . " Rina Miller : So the winner is ? Anne : The winner is " hashtag . " It was a surprise entry . It was nominated from the floor . I must admit , I went in thinking " fiscal cliff " had this hands down . I thought there was no way anything would beat that , but fiscal cliff did n't even make the runoff . It was hashtag vs. marriage equality . Rina : Why hashtag ? Anne : The argument was that while the word hashtag has been around since 2007 , this was the year of the hashtag . This was the year that hashtag was everywhere in the Twittersphere and beyond, making memes go viral . Rina : And what were the winners in some of the other categories ? Anne : Marriage equality , which was in the runoff for word of the year , actually won most likely to succeed . And I thought it was a very interesting entry . The argument was that as the country has changed its attitudes about marriage equality , we 've seen the terminology shift from same-sex marriage or gay marriage to marriage equality . And people pointed out that when textbooks write this up as a movement , it will be about the movement for marriage equality . Rina : Tell us about some of the other categories . Anne : One of my favorites , most years , is the most creative word of the year . And there were two terrific candidates this year . One is " mansplaining , " which is defined as a man 's condescending explanation to a female audience . It 's designed to capture a certain kind of male behavior . It did mean that during the discussion oftalking because they could easily be accused of mansplaining every time they tried to say anything , even though it was a mixed-gender audience . Rina : That 's never happened to me , has it to you , Anne ? Anne : No , never . The mansplaining was up against " gate lice " -- a description of passengers on an airplane who crowd around the gate waiting to board . Rina : I love that ! Anne : I loved it , too , and I particularly liked the singular , which is gate louse . Rina : And who does n't know that ? Maybe we 've even been a louse . Anne : And now we have such a great way to talk about it . We can say , " Look at all the gate lice . " Rina : There 's also the most unnecessary and the most outrageous categories . Those are more serious . Anne : They are more serious . And this year the same phrase won in both categories . ItSenate candidate Todd Akins . And someone pointed out when we were voting for most unnecessary , that it came up again under most outrageous on the ballot . And someone yelled out , " It should win both . " And it did . Rina : And which word was least likely to succeed ? Anne : That was a tie . One of the first I remember . It was a tie between " YOLO , " which our listeners over about 25 or 30 may be less familiar with . It is an acronym for " you only live once . " It came to prominence this year from the rapper , Drake . He had a song in which he talked about you only live once -- YOLO -- and I think there are a number of young people who got YOLO tattoos , which they are going to come to regret , because students tell me it is already very unhip . YOLO tied with " phablet , " which is apparently a mid-sized electronic device between a smart phone and a tabletAnne : For the most useful , we had two combining forms . " Pocalypse " or " mageddon , " which you 'll hear people attach to things like " snowmaggedon " or " oilpocalypse " to describe a huge oil spill as a hyperbolic way to talk about a catastrophe . Rina : There had to be something that came out of the elections . Anne : The election phrase of the year is " binders full of women . " After presidential candidate Mitt Romney said that , it instantly became a hashtag , and many people have probably seen it circulating online . It beat " 47 percent , " which was also up for word of the year . So both 47 percent and " fiscal cliff " did n't win anything . 
A sublime croissant at French Tart in Grant City , Staten Island . French Tart chef Laurent Chavenet claims to work in the only authentic French cafe and restaurant in Staten Island . And he just might be right . Opened in 2009 , French Tart is one of those hidden gems that food lovers so often hear about in the outer boroughs , but so rarely find . Baked fresh every morning by Chavenet himself , the croissants are a work of art . The texture runs from crispy on the outside to soft and airy on the inside . According to Chavenet , the secret to making a great croissant is in quality ingredients , especially the butter , and the folding of the dough , which Chavenet demonstrates on a napkin . While the plain croissant is outstanding , the almond croissant is truly world-class . Moist , sweet and decadent , it 's more of a dessert than a breakfast item , but go ahead and dig in any time of day . After all , life is short . Eat dessertColson Patisserie , in Park Slope , uses two types of flour in its croissants . In 1986 , pastry chef Hubert Colson first opened his famed pastry shop in Mons , Belgium . Barely 20 years later , Yonatan Israel , a French filmmaker searching for structure and opportunity in life , opened his own shop as a tribute to his favorite pastry chef . And so the Park Slope outpost of Colson Patisserie was born . What a gift for pastry lovers in Brooklyn ! Colson 's croissants ( $2.45 ) seem light enough to float above the table and rich enough to melt in your mouth . Two types of flour are used in the dough , which is then folded six to eight times . Eighty croissants are made daily for the pastry shop , which is small but well-lit by a storefront of large windows . Sweet but not candied , these croissants taste like a big puff of flaky butter , which is just what every New Yorker needs to start off their day . As Israel says , " New York is theto change that . " You ca n't talk about croissants in New York City without mentioning master pastry chef Laurent Dupal and his Spring St. shop Ceci-Cela . Since his quaint cafe opened in 1992 , Dupal has consistently made some of the flakiest , butteriest , airiest croissants ( $2 ) in the five boroughs . Dupal credits fresh ingredients , a controlled setting and years of experience for the excellent taste of his croissants , hundreds of which are sold a day in the patisserie . In fact , Dupal compares baking croissants with raising a child . " Everyone does it differently , " he says , " and , no matter what , you have to adjust to the temperament of the dough , which ca n't be too thin or too thick . " Take some home for the whole family . A pack of six frozen croissants costs $7 and can be baked at home . YOUR TWO CENTS The croissant at Chock Full o ' Nuts Cafe ( 1611 Avenue M , Brooklyn ) is very buttery inside and outsidegood with a side of butter/jelly along with a cup of regular or flavored coffee or chai latte or tea . Service is very courteous , but a little slow . -- Tzivia M. Stork 's Bakery , located at 12-42 150th St. in Whitestone , makes the perfect croissant . Its golden , flaky , light crust is pleasing to the eye , and it draws you into its succulent flavor , which is light , rich and satisfying . Be sure to get there early in the a.m. if you wish to partake in this culinary delight . They sell out quickly . -- Carol D. The best croissant in the city can be found at City Bakery ( 3 W. 18th St. in Manhattan ) . The pretzel croissant , as it 's called , combines the rich buttery body of a typical croissant with the salty crispness of a pretzel. -- Christopher O. The croissants at The Standard hotel are the tastiest in the city . The secret is in the sourdough they add to it ! Also , buttery and flaky as allthe upper West Side has the best croissant I 've had in NYC . It 's flaky on the outside , but buttery and perfectly doughy on the inside . It 's the best croissant I 've had outside of Paris . -- Colman C. YOU SUGGEST IT , WE 'LL TEST IT We 're in search of the best of the city , but we need your help . Send your picks for the following , and we 'll try them ! 
Reflecting on a quarter-century of growth in Portland 's performing arts scene The highlight of the Portland Center for Performing Arts ' grand-opening in 1987 was a performance by high-wire artists Phillippe Petit and Ann Seward , which reflected the thrilling risk the city had taken with the project . Steven Nehl/The Oregonian Stephanie Mulligan , who has been with Artists Repertory Theatre since the mid 1980s , knew the Portland theater scene in its younger , wilder days . " There were more trails of glitter than there are today -- I mean that literally , " she says . " I like to think there was a lot more nudity , but that might just be a trick of memory . " These days , Portland theater , and the city 's arts scene in general , is n't so stripped down . But it is much more glittery , if not literally than metaphorically . Look around and you 'll see it : the sparkle of widespread creative activity , the shine of technical and artistic quality . There 'smusic -- most definitely in food , if you want to extend the definition of the creative culture -- and perhaps in other areas as well , this is Portland 's golden age . Sure , the city 's artsy eccentricities can grow ripe for lampooning , as the TV spoof " Portlandia " has proved . But such attention would be nonsensical ( or at least much more embarrassing ) if there was n't more going on here than adult kickball leagues and mustache-growing contests , if many of the eccentrics were n't really artists . A certain shoestring flamboyance , as Mulligan 's recollections of leaner times suggest , is nothing new here . But the size , scope and solidity of the arts in Portland is something that 's grown over the past quarter century . That 1987 and ' 88 marked a pivotal time in Portland arts was clear even then . More than a decade of planning and haggling was coming to fruition . The idea for a set of new performance spaces began taking place around 1976 due to dissatisfaction with Civic Auditoriumsatisfying venue ) . In 1981 , voters passed a $19 million bond issue . Next came political squabbles , cost overruns ( from $25 million to $41 million by the time it opened ) and a scramble to find money for operating costs . But eventually the Civic was joined by the Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall ( a refurbished 1928 movie palace ) and a new multi-use building next door . " Ten or 20 years from now , few will remember all the effort , dreaming , planning and yes , the bickering , mistakes and accusations that marked the creation of the Portland Center for the Performing Arts , " The Oregonian 's Joan Laatz wrote in August , 1987 , when the multi-use New Theater Building ( now named Antoinette Hatfield Hall ) opened . Meanwhile , city officials had been looking for an anchor tenant to take up residence in the center 's the 900-seat space now known as the Newmark Theatre . A study commissioned by the Fred Meyer Trust concluded that not even the city 's top existing theater company , Portlandorganizationally . Cynthia Fuhrman , a veteran theater marketing exec , recalls that Portland was the largest city in the country that did n't have a company in the League of Resident Theatres , the association of major regional theaters . After being courted on and off for years , Ashland 's Oregon Shakespeare Festival signed on , and its new satellite operation , dubbed Portland Center Stage , stepped into the lights in Nov. 1988 . After seeing the new company in the new building , Time magazine said that Portland at last could stake a claim to sophistication and social significance . ' ' More so than social stature , the goal was for the PCPA to both bring more touring talents to town and give local troupes a comfortable home that would help them grow their audiences , and for PCS to provide a model of quality , stability and professionalism that might lift the community as a whole . The fear was that higher production costs in the new facilities would make things tougher for most local arts companies , and that the venerable OSF. " There was so much buzz about OSF coming up , " recalls Beth Harper , who 'd soon launch what 's now called Portland Actors Conservatory . " I was in a show at New Rose and everyone felt like , ' The big guys are coming and we 've never got that kind of attention . ' " " One of the things that still rings true , " Harper adds , " is the big boys are still the big boys and the small ones are still the small ones . " Though perhaps not . Yes , Center Stage , which split from OSF to become an independent company in 1994 , remains atop the theatrical food chain . What were the largest or most active homegrown companies back in the late ' 80s -- Portland Rep , New Rose , Storefront Portland Civic Theater -- long ago folded . ( As Mulligan recalls , " It took about five years for the dust to settle -- unfortunately the dust was some fine companies . " ) And as it did then , thestage a few shows a year in rented or makeshift spaces . Numerous factors are involved , not just the anchoring effects of PCPA and PCS , but the theater scene now has a broader range of companies . Artists Repertory Theatre , once a scrappy little operation in rented space at the downtown YWCA , grew to become the city 's No. 2 company , with a $2.4 million budget and its own twin-auditorium home . Down the scale in budget , but punching above their weight artistically , Third Rail Rep , Portland Playhouse and Profile Theatre form a strong middle tier . However persistent the funding challenges of the dance world , a similar vertical growth , if you will , can be found . In the late ' 80s , Portland had both Ballet Oregon and Pacific Ballet Theatre ; for contemporary dance , Portland State University housed a concert series for touring groups and a top-notch resident company . Now , Oregon Ballet Theatre ( the result of a merger of the aforementioned ballet troupes ) survives , White Bird does concert presenting atPolaris Dance Theatre each have performance spaces and expanding reputations . " I think the arts scene was like a young teenager then and has grown up a lot , " says Regional Arts &amp; Culture Council executive director Eloise Damrosch , who moved to Portland in ' 87 . " Our reputation as a place to visit has really skyrocketed . I 'm struck when I open up the A&amp;E and see all the options . There 's a lot more happening , and such a range . " Quantity is n't the only thing that 's changed . " Back then , there was this grittier , shoestring quality that imbued almost every company , " Mulligan says . " The dedication to art was inspiring ... But when I look back at that earlier renaissance of the ' 80s , the truth was the talent pool of the city needed to step up . " Jim Fullan , who has worked in marketing at Portland Opera and the Oregon Symphony , says the city has developed a " radically different sense of our placesuch an inferiority complex regarding Seattle , San Francisco and Los Angeles that it distrusted artistic ambition . " The public would punish you for getting too big for your britches . The prevailing attitude was , ' It 's good enough for us . We like it . ' Now , that 's totally gone . It 's almost the opposite . If you 're not aspiring to be world-class , you 're not on the boat . The arts -- in tandem with food , beer and wine -- have raised us up . " The building of the PCPA has n't solved all of the performance-space issues for local companies ( there 's a big , problematic gap between the 900-seat Newmark and the Schnitzer and Keller , which seat close to 3,000 ) . And it 's notable that Center Stage had to move to a home of its own , a renovated 19th-century armory in the Pearl District , to begin fulfilling its potential as a truly vibrant hub for the theater scene . But those two big moves have , over time , provedother developments have helped shape the Portland of today . Some observers point to the fundraising success of John and Lucy Buchanan at the Portland Art Museum 1994 to 2005 . " They actually made a case that a great city needs great art , " says BodyVox co-founder Jamey Hampton . " And that put a gauntlet down . " Leadership changes in 2003 at Portland Opera , Oregon Ballet Theatre and the Oregon Symphony also marked a crucial transition . Hampton points to Tom Manley , president of Pacific Northwest College of Art as " probably the best leader of an arts organization the city has . " PNCA has grown to be a leading creative and economic force in the Pearl District ... and it 's in the process of remaking how that neighborhood looks . It 's not splashy , like when Pink Martini plays New Year 's Eve at the Schnitz . It 's quiet , but it 's really foundational . " Through it all , the essential challenges remain much the same : make good work , expand audiences , cultivate donorsbusiness model , away from a focus on big-money patrons and toward building long-term relationships with supporters of all sorts , nurturing them along the path from first-time ticket buyer to subscriber to contributor and so on . Others point out that the city is awash in heavily subsidized art -- but that the artists themselves provide the subsidy comes from the artists themselves , in the form of the second jobs , lack of health care , or multiple roommates that allow them to subsist as artists . All together , what 's changed and what 's stayed the same add up to an arts scene that , while still facing major challenges , has grown bigger , wider and better integrated into the world around it . " I do n't think it happens in isolation , " Fuhrman says . " It 's about the growth of the city as a whole . " 
Ask Ars : Does Facebook auto-delete content after a certain period of time ? Ars reader wants to create a page for an ancestor , but worries about losing content . In 1998 , Ask Ars was an early feature of the newly launched Ars Technica . Now , as then , it 's all about your questions and our community 's answers . We occasionally dig into our question bag , provide our own take , then tap the wisdom of our readers . To submit your own question , see our helpful tips page . I ask , because I want to use Facebook to create a historical timeline about an ancestor in my family so people can learn more about their heritage . I have Googled my question several times and all answers are confusing and mixed : some say everything stays on a FB page until you clean it off and others say Facebook deletes status updates and photos monthly . This is an interesting way to use Facebook -- to create a page for someone who is notexisted . ( Typically , the question is the other way around : what to do with someone 's existing Facebook account after they pass away ? ) And given the level of confusion constantly floating around about Facebook 's data retention policies , it 's no surprise that it might be hard to pinpoint exactly when ( if ever ) information gets deleted from the social network . We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and services to you and others , including those described above . Typically , information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted . For certain categories of data , we may also tell you about specific data retention practices . Just to be sure , we reached out to Facebook to confirm this is indeed the policy for the above use case . The company confirmed that as long as you have not deleted the content yourself -- or in the case of a message between two people , both people have not deleted it -- the content should stay online indefinitelyto keep in mind about this policy . If you ever do want to delete the content , you should know that it 's not likely to disappear instantly . As you may remember , we followed a thread for several years over how fast photos are deleted from Facebook 's servers once you delete them from the site ; as of late 2012 , we verified that photos indeed appear to be removed within 30 days of deletion ( our tests showed they were actually removed much faster ) . It 's not just about photos , though . As outlined in the same Data Use Policy referenced above , there are major differences between deactivating an account versus deleting an account , should you choose to eventually remove the account you created for your ancestor . Many Facebook users mistakenly think that deactivating their accounts equals deletion , but that is not so : Deactivating your account puts your account on hold . Other users will no longer see your timeline , but we do not delete any of your information . Deactivating an account is thebecause you might want to reactivate your account at some point in the future . You can deactivate your account on your account settings page . Your friends will still see you listed in their list of friends while your account is deactivated . So when you deactivate your ancestor 's account , it 's not really going anywhere . The data is still there , lurking somewhere on Facebook 's servers , even if the " friends " of that account can no longer see it . Deletion , however , is another matter : When you delete an account , it is permanently deleted from Facebook . It typically takes about one month to delete an account , but some information may remain in backup copies and logs for up to 90 days . You should only delete your account if you are sure you never want to reactivate it . ... Certain information is needed to provide you with services , so we only delete this information after you delete your account . Some of the things you do on Facebook aregroup or sending someone a message ( where your friend may still have a message you sent , even after you delete your account ) . That information remains after you delete your account . I often see Facebook users confusing these two things . They usually become alarmed when they 've deactivated an account , only to have all the old information show up again when they go to " register " a new account . But if you actually go through with a real deletion , the information should n't be there past 90 days -- and hopefully it will be gone sooner . 
NEW YORK -- An associate of a notorious Russian arms dealer was arrested in Australia and charged with conspiring to buy planes so that weapons could be transported to the world 's bloodiest conflicts , a U.S. prosecutor announced Thursday . Syrian-born American Richard Ammar Chichakli was arrested Wednesday at the request of U.S. authorities on charges that he conspired with Russian arms merchant Viktor Bout and others to try to buy the planes from two U.S. companies . Sukree Sukplang / Reuters file Suspected Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout speaks to the media after arriving at a Bangkok criminal court August 20 , 2010 , ahead of an expected appeal court verdict on whether to extradite him to the U.S. His arrest was first confirmed by the Australian Fairfax Media news organization , which reported Thursday that he was arrested in Melbourne after applying for a post in the government Protective Service Office , a law enforcement agency . The news service reported that he said nothing during a Thursday hearing at the Melbourne Magistrates Court . A lawyer for ChichakliAlmustafa . Chichakli was held pending the processing of a U.S. extradition request . Victoria state police spokeswoman Jessica Rosewarne confirmed Chichakli was caught after applying for the government post . " He was identified as a person of interest through routine background checks as part of the application process , " she said . " He had not been offered employment with Victoria police or started any training . " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , the chief federal prosecutor in New York , said Chichakli " consorted with the world 's most notorious arms trafficker in the purchase of aircraft that would be used to transport weapons to some of the world 's bloodiest conflict zones , in violation of international sanctions . " Michele M. Leonhart , administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration , said the international law enforcement community has long recognized Chichakli as a key criminal facilitator in Bout 's global weapons trafficking regime . " His arrest means the world is safer and more secure , " she said in a release . Merchant of Death Bout is a formerhis 1990s-era notoriety for running a fleet of aging Soviet-era cargo planes to conflict-ridden hotspots in Africa . He also inspired the arms dealer character played by Nicolas Cage in the 2005 film " Lord of War . " An indictment against Chichakli in U.S. District Court in Manhattan and other court documents accuse Chichakli of working as a close associate of Bout since at least the mid-1990s to assemble a fleet of cargo planes capable of shipping weapons and military equipment to various parts of the world , including Africa , South America and the Middle East . Prosecutors say the arms have helped fuel conflicts and support regimes in Afghanistan , Angola , The Democratic Republic of the Congo , Liberia , Rwanda , Sierra Leone and Sudan . Over the years , Chichakli has weaved a colorful biography of his past but often repudiated his comments under the glare of law enforcement scrutiny . He has claimed to have befriended a young Osama bin Laden during college days at Riyadh University in Saudi Arabia . He also claimed a stint in the U.S. ArmyGulf War . The indictment accuses Chichakli and Bout of violating sanctions by arranging to buy two Boeing aircraft from U.S. companies in 2007 . It says they electronically transferred more than $1.7 million through banks in New York and into bank accounts in the U.S. , though the money was blocked by the U.S. Department of the Treasury before it reached the aviation companies ' accounts . The Treasury Department had imposed an asset freeze against Chichakli in April 2005 as part of larger financial sanctions aimed at the Bout network 's dealings with the dictatorial regime of Liberian President Charles Taylor . The department called Chichakli , who once ran a small conglomerate of Texas-based businesses from a Dallas suburb , " Bout 's U.S.-based chief financial officer . " If convicted , Chichakli could face up to 20 years in prison on each of nine counts , including conspiracy to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , money laundering conspiracy , wire fraud conspiracy and wire fraud . 
IRELAND 'S Olympic bronze medallist Michael Conlan and reigning European champion Andrew Selby from Wales resume one of amateur boxing 's most compelling rivalries when the World Series of Boxing heads to Bethnal Green 's historic York Hall tomorrow Conlan will be representing the USA Knockouts franchise in the team competition while Selby intends to do his bit to extend the GB Lionhearts ' unbeaten home record , but the real allure of the contest lies in the simple notion of repeat or revenge . Selby beat Conlan by a single point in a hotly contested flyweight quarter-final in the World Championships in Baku in 2011 , the Welshman going on to reach the final where he lost an equally slim verdict to Misha Aloian of Russia . " I would n't say there is bad blood between us but there is certainly some tension because he won our last fight by a point and I thought I had done enough to win , " the 21-year-old Conlan told the Press Association . The pair narrowly missed the chance of a return matchbeaten in the quarter-final by Cuba 's brilliant Robeisy Ramirez Carrazana . Carrazana went on to clearly beat Conlan in the last four , consigning the Irishman to a bronze medal which saw him return home to a hero 's welcome and his own mural on the corner of his home street in west Belfast . Thursday 's bout will be the first time Conlan has fought since his defeat to the Cuban . " It has been a very enjoyable time since the Olympics but I would n't say it has affected my training very much , " Conlan said . " I have been in the gym for the last 12 weeks and the only difference is I get recognised more , which the mural at the bottom of my street probably helps . It was very unexpected and a great honour for me . " While Selby was bitterly disappointed to return home from the Olympics without a medal , he remains one of the best 52kg fighters in the business , having long since shrugged off the chronic weight problems that oncea pasty this week for the first time in ages , " Selby said . " There was a time when I could n't eat for two days before a bout and had to spend the whole time running and skipping to get the weight off . " It definitely affected my performances but I 've got over it now and I feel so much stronger and sharper . I ca n't wait to get back in the ring with Michael . " It 's going to be a very tough fight . I know he 's going to be wanting revenge . " Despite its rather contrived franchise system which will see two of Conlan 's Ireland team-mates - John Joe Nevin and Joe Ward - lining up for the opposite side , the WSB is clearly made for the likes of Conlan and Selby , intent on keeping the lure of pros at bay . Conlan says he is prepared to commit to Rio 2016 . He said : " It 's a long way away but I definitely want to win a. " The WSB gives a great incentive not to go pro because you get paid for having top fights . It makes you wonder whether it is really worth turning over . There 's not so much money in the pros these days unless you 're a superstar . " Selby will also stay amateur at least up to next year 's Commonwealth Games in Glasgow , when he will aim to dispel the dismal memory of his weight-drained , second round defeat to Haroon Khan in Delhi . " I 've got unfinished business with the Commonwealths and the fact it 's in Glasgow makes it something great to aim for , " Selby said . " I want to go there and get a gold , and then it will be time for me to sit down and think about Rio . " At least for the time being , the rivalry between two of the world 's best amateur flyweight is set to develop . Thursday night 's fight will prove who has claimed the upper-hand in the post-London glow . 
Shakira launches online baby shower Shakira and her boyfriend Gerard Pique are hosting an online baby shower . The 35-year-old Columbian singer - who is expecting their first child , a baby boy , to arrive ' ' imminently ' ' - has invited fans to join their virtual charity bash , where they can purchase essential baby gifts that will support UNICEF and benefit some of the world 's most vulnerable babies . In an invitation posted on Twitter today ( 16.01.13 ) , the couple wrote : ' ' To celebrate the arrival of our first child , we hope that , in his name , other less privileged children in the world can have their basic needs covered through gifts and donations . Thank you for sharing this unforgettable moment with us . ' ' The online baby shower engages social media fans by enabling them to join the popstar and her FC Barcelona star beau in their virtual living room , where they can buy ' Inspired Gifts ' such as mosquito nets , polio vaccines and baby-weighing scalesof the poorest corners of the globe . Guests are welcomed by a personal video message from Shakira and Gerard . After purchasing an ' Inspired Gift ' , fans will then receive a personal thank you message from the couple , and be able to view exclusive photos of them taken in December 2012 by Jaume Laiguana . Shakira has been dating FC Barcelona soccer player Gerard for around two years and previously said he is the ' ' best thing ' ' to ever happen to her , until she got pregnant . She said : ' ' This man is the best thing that could have happened in my life . And now the baby ! ' ' Shakira only confirmed their relationship last year by posting a picture of them both together on Twitter and Facebook with a caption reading , ' ' I present to you my sunshine . ' ' in Spanish . The link to the Shakira and Gerard Pique 's Virtual Baby Shower is here : http : //uni.cf/baby 
ENTREPRENEUR and political activist Declan Ganley has agreed to pay the European Election expenses of Co Louth beef and cereal farmer Raymond O'Malley who failed to get elected , a court was told today . Mr Ganley , of Moyne Park , Moyne , Abbeyknockmoy , Tuam , Co Galway , had been sued by O'Malley in the Circuit Civil Court for ? 35,366 . He claimed Ganley had agreed to pay his expenses if he became a Libertas party candidate in the 2009 Euro elections . Mr Lyons said it had been agreed between the parties that the settlement figure would be paid in two payments between now and the end of February together with an agreed sum towards Mr O'Malley 's legal costs . He said that in the event of non-compliance with the settlement terms the defendant would consent to judgment against him . Judge Linnane , who adjourned the hearing briefly until the terms of settlement were lodged in the court file , put the summary judgment application back for mention on March 6 next . Neither partymember of the Irish Farmers Association , polled 18,557 first preference votes in the East Leinster constituency and was eliminated on the third count with 19,396 votes . Ganley , the founder and chairman of Libertas , last week received an apology and out of court settlement for defamatory comments which were made about him on the social media site , Twitter . Blogger Kevin Barrington stated he wished to unreservedly apologise to Declan Ganley for his tweets on 12 December 12 , 2012 and stated he had made a substantial donation to the Poor Clare Sisters . 
Syrian women far outnumber men in the refugee camps in neighboring Jordan . A new report by the International Rescue Committee says that gender-based violence in Syria is one of the main causes of women fleeing the country , and that reports of rape and violence against women are on the rise . In a clinic catering to Syrian refugees on the Jordanian border , a psychologist says she is shocked by some of the stories she hears of public rapes and torture . MELISSA BLOCK , HOST : You are listening to ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR News . A recent report by the International Rescue Committee sheds light on an alarming trend in Syria , a surge in sexual violence . Rape is a significant and disturbing feature of the Syrian war , according to the IRC report , which was based on interviews with hundreds of Syrian refugees in Jordan and Lebanon . The report includes the stories of a 9-year-old girl who was raped and of a father who shot his own daughter to prevent her from being , inin Jordan that provides counseling for some of these victims . She sent this report . SHEERA FRENKEL , BYLINE : In a small apartment on a nondescript street in the Jordanian city of Ramthe , Syrian refugees come to get help . The clinic is run by the International Rescue Committee , and it 's a place where Syrian refugees share their stories of horror and war . FRENKEL : The women in the clinic asked that their identities be kept private to protect themselves and their families . Saher , a 42-year-old mother , comes each week with her 18-month-old baby . She says she fled Syria when soldiers ransacked her home and put a gun to her infant daughter 's head . SAHER : ( Through Translator ) I told them there was no man in the house , so please do n't come in . They pushed me down . I begged for mercy . They started to say bad words , and I began to cry . FRENKEL : Saher does n't say what happened next . Instead , she speaks aboutSAHER : ( Through Translator ) Yes , there was rape , and they would even kidnap a woman if her relative is a defector . They would take his sister or his wife . In Daraa , that really happened . FRENKEL : Nawall Mohammed is the psychologist who leads the weekly sessions with Saher and others . Previously , she worked with Iraqi and Palestinian refugees , but she says she 's never heard stories that affected her as much as those from the Syrian refugees . NAWALL MOHAMMED : I remember a client . He is a man , Syrian man . He said the army , they collect the women , just the women and girls , and they took off their clothes and put them in big cars in the streets in front of their relatives and husbands and brothers naked . So it is like their weapon . FRENKEL : Nawall says that the women find it easier to share their stories when they can attribute them to other people . Some of the stories are about rape by soldiers or securitythat their families have suddenly become refugees . Melanie Megevand oversees the programs for female refugees for the International Rescue Committee . In the IRC 's report , the New York-based NGO revealed that women gave sexual violence as a primary reason for fleeing Syria . MELANIE MEGEVAND : Given the cultural taboos , particularly in the context of the Middle East , it 's been extremely telling to hear so many stories of sexual violence occurring and having that being explained by both men and women , including children . FRENKEL : Saher says that she never thought she would become a refugee , and it scares her to think about what 's happening back in her hometown of Daraa . She says she 's heard from neighbors that her home has been destroyed . She 's thankful that she got her family out in time . SAHER : ( Through Translator ) We only have our own dignity . A house is a minor thing , but our dignity is a basic thing . That 's the reason that pushed us to come to Jordan .Daraa and rebuild one day . For now , she just wants to focus on getting better . For NPR News , I 'm Sheera Frenkel . NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by a contractor for NPR , and accuracy and availability may vary . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Please be aware that the authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio . 
Published byStanford Medicine Past studies show that maintaining strong social relationships can lower a person 's risk for certain health conditions . But researchers are still working to unravel the mystery about how having an active social life , or the lack of one , can influence physical health . Findings from two related studies recently presented at the annual meeting of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology offer new insights into how loneliness can weaken the immune system , increase sensitivity to physical pain and contribute to inflammation in the body . One study looked at overweight but otherwise healthy middle-aged adults , while the second evaluated breast cancer survivors . In both studies , participants completed stress tests , provided blood samples and had their social lives evaluated using the UCLA Loneliness Scale . The loneliest of the otherwise healthy participants had more markers of inflammation when tasked with a stressful activity , like speaking in front of others or doing math . The lonelier breast cancer survivors , in addition to increased inflammation , experienced more pain ,, which tends to be triggered by stress , can also be used a measure of immune response . Here , those who scored higher for loneliness showed more signs of herpes reactivation . Researchers say the results suggest that being lonely can cause people to experience daily life as more stressful , which may cause chronic stress and in turn disrupt the immune system . The findings related to breast cancer survivors reminded me of research ( subscription required ) by Stanford psychiatrist David Spiegel , MD , on depression and survival rates among this group . Spiegel discussed his findings and the physiological connection between depression and breast cancer in this past Scope Q&amp;A. 
The Bay Bridge A SurfboardEtc . A Jar of Jam An iPhoneAn Opera The Making Of ... The Digital El Camino Real Mission Dolores , San Francisco , established 1776 on El Camino Real . Traverse the 600-mile trail that connects California 's 21 missions . Peer behind an ornate mission altarpiece that , for more than two centuries , has hidden murals painted by the Ohlone Indians . Uncover the mysteries of Mission Dolores ' ancient cemetery . CyArk , a non-profit digital scanning company based in Oakland , is creating the digital El Camino Real , documenting some of the oldest buildings and historic sites in California . LISTEN Like Interstate 101 " Some people think the Camino Real means the Royal Road of Jesus in California , " says Andrew Galvan , curator of Mission Dolores , San Francisco . " No . It was the King 's Highway , the King of Spain 's highway . " Mission Dolores , founded in 1776 , is the oldest surviving structure in San Francisco andReal to be scanned and documented by CyArk . " If you step out the front door of Mission Dolores you are on the El Camino Real , " says Andrew . " It was a public road , like Interstate 101 . All the California Missions are connected . Wherever you got on it , the road led you to the Viceroy 's Palace in Mexico City . " CyArk 's Laser Scanning MissionCyArk has digitally preserved over 70 sites around the world from Pompeii in Italy , to Tikal in Guatemala . " We use a 3 D laser scanner that sends out a pulsed laser beam and captures billions of points of these structures at a rate of about 100,000 points a second , " explains Elizabeth Lee who directs operations at CyArk . These sites are at risk , endangered due to everyday exposure to the elements , vandalism , war , urbanization , poorly managed tourism , catastrophic events , and general neglect . The non profit organization was founded in 2003 by Ben and Barbara Kacyra after they sold their technologyimaging , mapping , modeling , and CAD system which is currently used worldwide in architecture , engineering and construction , entertainment and crime forensics . " It was right at the time that the Bamiyam Buddhas were blown up by the Taliban , " remembers Barbara Kacyra . " There was no 3 dimensional documentation of them . We said , ' How can we use this technology to help architects , archaeologists , and preservationists get better tools than tape measures and a clip boards and a pencils to go in and document these heritage sites . " Hidden Mural Revealed Historic carved altarpiece from Mexico installed in front of mural painted by Indians . Sometimes new things are revealed during the scanning process . At Mission Dolores , CyArk worked hard to get behind the very ornately carved reredos , a false wall in back of the altar that was made in Mexico and shipped to the Mission by boat in 1796 . For more than 200 years , the reredos has obscured a mural that was painted by the Indians when the missiona two foot space behind the frame where the statues are today , " says Andrew . " Very few have ever been able to see what 's behind . Using fiber optics they 'll be able to get a little pin wheel and be able to photograph . Then you 'll be able to click on say Saint Joachim with your smart phone and boom ! You 'll be able to see behind , floor to ceiling , the mural that the Indians painted here at Mission Dolores . " It 's not about the sites themselves , " says Barbara Kacyra , " It 's really about the stories . Whether it was Manzanar or Angor Wat , or Pompeii . It 's about the humanness of these sites . " The History of San Francisco There are almost 6000 Indians buried in the Mission Dolores cemetery , relates Andy Galvan , whose relationship to the Mission is much more than Museum Curator . Andrew is an Ohlone Indian whose ancestors were some of the first people baptized , married and buried at the Mission Doloresthe gravemarkers you 're going to read the history of San Francisco , " he says . " The 21 California missions are cultural heritage sites . These are our monuments . The Digital El Camino Real is about digitally imagining , about preservation . But it 's also about interpretation . It 's about what happened at the California Missions . " Andy Galvan 's Ohlone Indian ancestors are buried in the cemetery at Mission Dolores . MORE POSTS ABOUT The Making Of ... was part of a public radio experiment called Localore -- 10 independent producers collaborating with 10 public radio stations around the nation , creating some of the new public radio programming of the future . During this year long collaboration we explored The Making of ... Read More Recent Posts The Making Of ... is produced by the Kitchen Sisters and KQED as part of Localore , a nationwide production of AIR , the Association of Independents in Radio with funding from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting . 
MPAA Lobbies For Army Of Hollywood Drones You might not imagine the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) as a particularly drone-happy group , but new documents reveal that the actively lobbying the US government for UAV drone use in domestic space . No , they are n't building an army to track down pirates ; they just want filmmakers to be able to shoot with them . Howard Gantman , a spokesman for the MPAA , argues that drones are safer , cheaper and easier to use for aerial shots than helicopters or cranes , and can be super useful for particularly crazy shots . Sure , some filmmakers are already using unmanned aerial vehicles for filming , but the legality of the issue is something of a grey area . The MPAA is pushing the FAA for full-on allowance of the practice so it can really " take-off " so to speak . The main argument against this is that widespread commercial drone use could lead to all kinds of domestic spying , a privilege the government might like to, are already working on laws to prevent exactly the sort of drone use the MPAA is lobbying for . Commercial drone use is a big can of worms , inside and outside of the movie industry . Currently , the FAA plans on starting to issue private drone licences by 2015 , but it still has to work out the details of who should be allowed to get them . If the MPAA has anything to say about it , filmmakers will definitely be on that list . While they 're at it , maybe they could put in a good word for fast-food delivery drones too . The Hill via Fast Company Just because there is a picture of a Predator ( or similar ) in the story does n't mean that the studios want military drones .. These beasts are not necessarily cheap nor efficient for what they want ... ( Though they Do have a lower hourly rate than a Cessna or Jetranger , but their purchase cost is higher ( Typically POA ) than a small GA fixed wing . ( More in theJust an RC plane used for commercial purposes .... The name drone actually means a dumb worker ( as in drone bee ... ) People somehow have only associated the word with semi-autonomous killer drones ( which are actually usually manually piloted , which is why they tend to crash all the time ... ( let the computer do the flying and all will be fine .. ) The USA has pretty restrictive laws on flying uninhabited aircraft .. ( as did most of the rest of the world ) generally it is only legal to fly these beauties ( big or small ) for hobby purposes ... In Australia , if the aircraft is : Away from residential areas , Below 400 feet above the ground ( yep I know that is fairly low ) Within eyesight of the operator Under 150 kg weight ( but getting clearance from the MAAA for over 50kg is a bit hard ) There are NO rules ... BUT .. Your Insurance company is unlikely to offer cover , therefore actually having a viable business using such craft) Also , putting professional cameras on a Quad , it will need to be a fairly large quad , and the batteries will sort of run out pretty quick . Better using a 4m fixed wing or 3 metre heli ... ( If the above rules are met , there is no regulation in Australia ( Check out the CASA website , they say it in as few words ... But if you want to operate outside these regulations , you need to jump through lots of hoops ... Trending Stories Right Now My initial reaction to Apple 's expensive new iPhone battery case was in step with the everyone else 's . It looks like it has a tumour . But what I discovered after using it for a full day is it 's actually surprisingly great . You might 've seen Zaha Hadid 's name in the news after Japan 's Sports Council announced a design to her replace her widely loathed and alien-like Olympic stadium in Tokyo . But the real update comes in the form of a new skyscraper inearplug ? The droids in the Star Wars universe often play a key role in the movies . But how close are they to some of the real robots in our own universe ? Professor Jonathan Roberts from the Queensland University of Technology drops his science on those assembled ... 
Mum 's fight over dog mess on pavements Get daily news by email Invalid e-mailThanks for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Mary Patel A frustrated mum is on a one-woman mission to stop dogs littering the streets -- by spray-painting their mess . Mary Patel , 33 , has been scouring the pavements of Gorse Hill in Stretford to highlight the problem by spraying dog muck with biodegradable yellow paint . Mary believes the problem is out of control on the streets and in parks , and is determined to do something about it . The mum-of-one said : " I 've lived in Gorse Hill for seven years and I really like the area . Lots of kids play out in the street but they 're having to play among the dog poo . I have a 10-month-old baby , Elsie , and in the future I want her to be able to go to the park and walk along the street without swerving the mess . " Mary came up with the ideaup , then spent weeks searching for biodegradable paint . So far she has painted 30 piles of waste and intends to keep up her canine campaign . She added : " I want other people to see it where it is so we can try to say to dog owners , ' we do notice , people are frustrated by it ' . " Peter Molyneux , from Trafford council , said : ? " The council is aware of specific problems in the Gorse Hill area and have patrols out targeting the area in an effort to crack down on the perpetrators of this anti-social behaviour . " Our newspapers include the flagship Manchester Evening News - Britain 's largest circulating regional daily with up to 130,485 copies - as well as 20 local weekly titles across Greater Manchester , Cheshire and Lancashire . Free morning newspaper , The Metro , published every weekday , is also part of our portfolio , delivering more than 200,000 readers in Greater Manchester . Greater Manchester Business Week is the region 's number one provider of12,687 copies every Thursday . Every month , M.E.N . Media 's print products reach 2.2 million adults , spanning from Accrington in the north to Macclesfield in the south . 
IPPC to investigate case of autistic teenager arrested by Merseyside police officers who assumed she was drunk MERSEYSIDE police will be investigated after officers mistakenly arrested an autistic teenage girl for being drunk . Shares Get daily news by email Invalid e-mailThanks for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later IPPC to investigate case of autistic teenager arrested by Merseyside police officers who assumed she was drunk MERSEYSIDE police will be investigated after officers mistakenly arrested an autistic teenage girl for being drunk . Melissa Jones , 17 , was charged with being drunk and disorderly despite suffering with communication problems as part of her condition . Merseyside police has referred the matter to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) . The force said it would also look into the handing of the case . A spokesman said it would be reviewing the case to see " if there are any lessons to be learned " . College student Melissa , who was 16 at the time , spent the night inDNA taken after she intervened in a brawl in which she ended up being assaulted . Police issued Melissa with a fixed penalty notice , but she appealed against it and appeared before court in November last year , where she was formally charged with being drunk and disorderly . A trial was due to be held next month , but Melissa was told last week that the CPS were dropping the case due to " insufficient evidence " . Her mum , Christine Evans , 49 , told the ECHO : " She should never have been arrested in the first place , let alone charged with drunk and disorderly . " She was upset after being beaten up , so when the police arrested her she became hysterical because she knew she had n't done anything wrong . " Melissa had been to a shop with friends , near her home in Wavertree , shortly before midnight on June 16 last year , to buy soft drinks . A drunken woman entered the shop , in Smithdown Road , and became aggressive whenher friends were attacked when they tried to intervene . Both girls were stamped on and suffered severe bruising . Christine said : " This woman had been kicking another girl in the head . Melissa thought she was going to kill her , so she jumped in and the woman turned on her . " I ran to the shop and told the police Melissa had n't touched a drop -- she 's a good girl , but her autism means she ca n't communicate the way we do . " Christine said Melissa 's ordeal with the police and going to court had affected her daughter so badly she has needed counselling ever since . She added : " Melissa has been through hell for the last six months , she 's even tried to kill herself over this . " A Merseyside Police spokesman said : " A 16- year-old girl was arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly following a disturbance in a shop . She was taken to a police station , examined by a doctor , and interviewed whenand released . " The Crown Prosecution Service later made a decision not to continue with the case . " Send a story Advertising Department Trinity Mirror Merseyside , the Echo 's parent company , is one of the North West 's largest multimedia providers reaching more than 900,000 adults every month . The Liverpool Echo , Trinity Mirror Merseyside 's flagship brand , is the area 's best-read newspaper including national newspapers . The Liverpool Echo reaches 1 in 3 people in the area with a daily readership of more than 256,000* people.The Liverpool Echo website reaches 1.5 million unique users each month who look at around 8.5 million pages** . The Editor Alastair Machray Alastair Machray was appointed editor of The Liverpool Echo in 2005 and is also editor-in-chief of Trinity Mirror Merseyside , Cheshire and North Wales . He is a former editor of The Daily Post ( Wales and England ) and editor-in-chief of the company 's Welsh operations . Married dad-of-two and keen golfer Alastair is one of the longest-serving newspaper editors in the country . His. 
North America 's population in the 19th century spread from east to west , driven in the main by farming . And where farmers planted themselves , so grew a demand for farm credit , and eastern bankers followed them . Drought and crop failure repeatedly parched farmers ' credit , and their bankers ' , and when fresh credit got tough to get , the farmers turned to government for help . Here , farm economics and politics led to the 1920s ' Canadian Farm Loan Board , created to offer mortgages to respond to a perceived lack of credit for Western farmers . The Farm Credit Corporation replaced the board in 1959 , with a broader mandate that included consulting services for farmers . The former board operated mostly on a for-profit basis , but FCC 's lending rate was set at 5% , well below profitability , amounting to an interest rate subsidy to farmers . By the 1970s , as the corporation 's losses mounted , interest rates were set at " the cost of funds plus 1.25% . " <p>Farm Credit Corporation Act . The new Act allowed FCC to finance farm-related enterprises , and bigger farms . It did not limit FCCs activities to filling gaps left by the private sector . These steps -- the shift from for-profit to subsidized farm credit , and the expansion to areas where there was no clear market failure -- signaled departure from FCC 's original credit-gap mandate . Changes in 2001 allowed FCC to offer more of financial and business management services , and widened FCC 's potential clientele to include more farm-related businesses , including those not farmer-owned . And FCC has seen tremendous growth : Its share of farm debt grew from about 14% in 1992 to 29% by the end of 2011 . FCC 's share of farm debt stands against that of all chartered banks , which hold 36% , and all credit unions , which hold another 16% . FCC has expanded its activities , enlarged its capital base to do so , and built market in a field where the private sector is historically competitive . FCC 's success owes much to itsgovernment , and it borrows directly from the federal government on terms that reflect Ottawa 's credit quality . It does not face the same regulatory capital requirements as other financial institutions , and pays no corporate income tax . And FCC 's loan offerings and terms are different from others ' . FCC loans tend to have long amortization periods , higher loan-to-value ratios , and the corporation stands at least as ready as others to lend against supply management ( dairy and poultry farm ) quotas and to offer interest-only loans . It finances farmers who sign Ontario " green energy " supply contacts . Other offerings seem likely to encourage debt and inflate farm asset values : The Capacity Builder Loan , to finance quota purchases or livestock , with an option to capitalize interest ( in turn , deeply investing FCC , and federal taxpayers , in maintaining the farm quota system ) . None of these is inherently inappropriate , but they are risky , in much the same way that so-called subprime mortgage lending is risky . Loans characterized by low down paymentsearly accumulations of interest due , or involve balloon or variable future payments , have a higher default rate than more traditional loans . Now , lending under such risky conditions carries an interest rate premium . For small business lending , a typical risk premium might be 300 basis points above prime . Of course , FCC does not charge such a premium and , unsurprisingly , its relatively risky loan books carry an impairment ratio that exceeds its competitors ' . And risks have been growing alongside farm indebtedness as a percent of net income ( see graph ) . The implications are simple but serious : FCC competes with private-sector lenders in offering financing services to farmers and others ; its market share has been growing without a regulatory capital constraint ; and farm lending has grown relative to farm income , an indicator of rising risk in the sector . The increased financial risks also appear on the asset side of farms ' balance sheets . The values of farms and buildings , and farm quota values , have shown effervescent increases in recent years' total assets ( see graph ) . And FCC 's lending has grown even faster than farm asset values . Of course , credit tends to drive asset prices , and increases tend to be followed by sharp revaluations . Recent farm debt growth , coupled with FCC 's aggressive strategies , warrants closer examination by regulators and taxpayers . The potential impacts are not only related to FCC : Its market pressure pushes private lenders to adjust their own lending standards , to remain competitive . Canadian regulators need to monitor the situation more closely . FCC , as is the case for the BDC and EDC , is not formally subject to a prudential regulator . As a starting place , FCC should be brought under OSFI supervision . Letters to the editor Please include your address and daytime telephone number . We give preference to letters that refer to a particular article by headline , author and date . If your letter concerns articles in other sections of the National Post , including business articles that appear in the A section ,and other materials sent to the publisher and accepted for publication remains with the author , but the publisher and its licensees may freely reproduce them in print , electronic and other forms . 
James Fergusson : Up in the air , North of 60 Up in the air , North of 60 What follows is the third of five excerpts from a newly released e-book , The Canadian Forces in 2025 : Problems and Prospects . The publication was commissioned by the Strategic Studies Working Group -- a partnership between the Canadian International Council and the Canadian Defence and Foreign Affairs Institute . In today 's installment , James Fergusson looks at our Air-Force presence in the Arctic . The federal government has tasked the Canadian Forces with monitoring , controlling and enforcing Canadian laws and regulations over its Arctic territory and adjacent waters . In so doing , the government , through its 2008 Canada First Defence Strategy and National Shipbuilding Strategy , has focused particular attention on the Royal Canadian Navy ( RCN ) . The RCN and Coast Guard will play a major role in enforcing national laws and regulations on fishing , the environment , shipping and smuggling . However , the major burden will fall on the Royal Canadian Air ForceToday , the RCAF is a " southern , " overseas Air Force that goes North only when necessary . Only four Twin Otter aircraft are permanently deployed to the North , at Yellowknife , with Joint Task Force North Headquarters . They undertake a variety of missions , including search and rescue ( SAR ) . A small number of CF-18 fighters , deployed at Cold Lake and Bagotville , and assigned to NORAD , are dedicated to the air-sovereignty mission . Their primary use continues to be to intercept Russian bombers on training missions as they approach Canadian air space . Four forward operating locations ( FOLs ) , co-located with civilian airports in Yellowknife , Inuvik , Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet were developed in the 1980s for the dispersal of CF-18s to the North . In addition , the Aurora surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft undertake regular Arctic patrols . To monitor Canadian and North American air space in the North , the North Warning System ( NWS ) replaced NORAD 's Distant Early Warning radar line in the 1980s . It primarily consists of automatedthe Northwest Passage . Finally , the RCAF operates Canadian Forces Station Alert on the northern tip of Ellesmere Island . The station performs a signals intelligence function and supports SAR . It is projected that over the next decade there will be an exponential increase in shipping and resource exploitation activity in the Arctic . If so , the RCAF will be required to monitor Canada 's Arctic on a daily basis . More activity also means an increase in search and rescue demands . As such , the RCAF will have no choice but to shift resources to the North on a permanent basis . To meet this demand , the existing FOLs likely will become permanent bases for forward deployed surveillance and reconnaissance and SAR aircraft . The Aurora , or possibly future unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) , will play a vital role in monitoring traffic over this expansive area . Though UAVs can be operated from bases in the south through satellite links , they will still need to be maintained at their bases in the North . Being cued by thewill provide tracking of shipping and fishing vessels , the identification of targets of interest , and direction of RCN or Coast Guard vessels for interception purposes . Permanently deployed SAR aircraft and helicopters will be necessary to provide rapid response to accidents in the North . In addition , helicopters also will potentially provide a rapid response interception capability . There is also a slight possibility that the CF-18 or its replacement will need to be permanently deployed to the North . However , the likelihood that significant military threats will emerge in the Arctic is very low , especially as a function of the harsh environment . Finally , the North Warning System will likely be expanded northward as part of its future modernization , with all the attendant costs of building new sites . Currently , the RCAF is developing a northern plan to meet future demand . Regardless of the details , the costs will be significant . Building and staffing permanent bases will be expensive , although some costs may be offset by other government departments and agencies in response to increased civilianno need to acquire a dedicated Arctic aircraft : The current and planned inventory of multi-role aircraft will be able to meet this requirement . That will reduce some costs . However , aircraft and personnel deployed to the North on a permanent basis will impact the ability of the RCAF to meet its other demands . Costs related to the retention and recruitment of personnel also will be significant . Canadians may have an emotional attachment to the North , but this does not necessarily mean that RCAF personnel and their families will look forward to being posted there for several years . In order to meet these costs , the key issue for the RCAF is whether government will be willing to provide the necessary funding . If not , the RCAF will be strained to the breaking point , which will cascade throughout the organization as it confronts other significant investment demands on its equipment and personnel . National Post James Fergusson is a Research Fellow with the Canadian Defence and Foreign Affairs Institute . 
From Richard III to Johnny Rotten : The changing face of evil Add to ... When Johnny Lydon , then known as Johnny Rotten , took the microphone in front of the Sex Pistols in the late 1970s , he projected a fantastic malevolence . Skinny , hunched , wide-eyed , a man anger-obsessed . He also began to affect a strange accent , a hyper-enunciation , with trilled r 's ( as in " Rrright , now " ) . It was clearly his own Cockney tinged with something else , a parody of something aristocratic . Lydon has said in interviews , and in his autobiography , that this stage persona was partly inspired by Laurence Olivier 's performance of Richard III , in his 1955 film based on the Shakespeare play . And indeed that is the image -- the twisted , poetic man with murder on his mind -- that we have long had imprinted on us , an image not just of this particular king but of English kings in general . It was a creation of Shakespeare and ofSex Pistols but by Rowan Atkinson in the early Blackadder episodes and even to a certain extent by Jonathan Rhys Meyers as a slender yet savage Henry VIII in The Tudors . It informed Heath Ledger 's nastily disfigured Joker character . Disfigurement -- or simple ugliness -- is key to the persona in all its iterations . Shakespeare called the king a hunchback ( we now know he had severe scoliosis ) . He was using a crude and ancient trick of storytelling : Villains , like monsters , are ugly . They bear some deformity that evinces their evil . The monster Grendel , Beowulf 's nemesis , is an " unnatural birth , " larger than a man , his skin covered in a horny iron substance . Rumpelstiltskin , the evil imp , is the opposite : a dwarf . Witches and wicked stepmothers have warts and curved noses throughout fairy tales . The tradition continues through modern science fiction , where alien enemies are usually reptilian , or masked , like Darth Vader -- what horrible visage is the dark lord protecting from sight ?Rotten was using to command attention : Ugliness is clever , rebellious , angry . His ugliness heralded revolution . And Shakespeare 's Richard III is similarly complex : His resentment about his deformity motivates him . Some of the most frightening lines about physical ugliness in English literature come out of his mouth : Deformed , unfinish 'd , sent before my time / Into this breathing world , scarce half made up , And that so lamely and unfashionable / That dogs bark at me as I halt by them . " Later Queen Margaret describes him as a " poisonous bunchback 'd toad . " ( He calls her in return a " hateful wither 'd hag . " Shakespeare did not fear causing offence . ) It is hard for anyone with a disability or deformity to read those lines . I have a minor one myself ( funny hands ) and remember being moved , as a teenager reading this play , by the horror of the dogs as the lame man passes by . In modern times , interpreters of Shakespeare 's character. A famous Royal Shakespeare Company show from 1984 had actor Richard Sher playing the king in crutches , barely able to walk ; other companies have used actors with real disabilities to play the king , including at least one in a wheelchair . The idea , with every new version of the play , is to add to the character 's complexity , to make him more than a mere psycho . By the 19th century , the sentimental archetype of the deformed antihero had shifted to a more benevolent one . Quasimodo , the hunchback of Notre Dame , is an object of sympathy rather than loathing ; a simple victim rather than a complex tyrant . This is now a convention we are familiar with too , in theatre in particular -- The Phantom of the Opera is also about a disfigured face that needs love . Even in recent science fiction and fantasy , attempts have been made to break negative expectations of abnormal-looking characters . Tyrion Lannister , the manipulative genius of Game of Thrones , is a sympathetic dwarf , and ashas become a sex symbol . The South African sci-fi film District 9 created a slave race of slimy aliens -- they have tentacles on their faces and are rudely called Prawns -- who are the most sympathetic , and secretly intelligent , characters in the story . The idea in modern representations is that we the audience all feel abnormal in some way and are going to identify with the mocked and shunned far more than with the powerful . This idea of individualism is a recent one , a product of the Enlightenment and Romanticism . Shakespeare 's textured and interesting Richard III , though , is part of the beginning of that transformation , for disfigured characters in literary history , from monsters to charming victims or even stoic heroes . Richard , like Johnny Rotten , is dissatisfied with " idle pleasures , " and " determined to be a villain , " and an amusing and charming villain he is . This was around 1592 -- 75 years before Milton 's attractively tortured Satan , in Paradise Lost , became a model for sexy villainsfound evidence that the real Richard III was not only actually deformed but that his life of battle was truly an ugly one . The skeleton found under a parking lot in Leicester showed the results of bound wrists , an axe or sword blow to the head , a sword through the buttocks , and other unnamed " humiliation wounds , " probably inflicted after death . This king was torn apart by a mob of soldiers , his body publicly defiled and then thrown into an unmarked grave . The world of violence these guys lived in was ruthless from birth . One ca n't really imagine a blameless moral king coming out of this culture . Plantagenets , Tudors , Sopranos -- all fundamentally depraved family sagas . We need a scary character -- a face -- to embody the blood thirst of the time . Creepily , a computer reconstruction of Richard III 's face , based on the skull recently dug up , bears a very slight resemblance to the young Laurence Olivier's. 
' Incompatible with life ' : Mother 's account of her difficult decision to request a late-term abortion sheds light on ' live-born ' debate One mother 's account of her difficult decision to request a rare , late-term abortion Twenty-one weeks into her second pregnancy , when the fetus was diagnosed with a rare bone disease , Carol determined she had two options : Miscarry the baby naturally and deliver a child with a shattered skeleton that would live for a matter of seconds or request a rare late-term abortion . " I found out when I was five months pregnant , and ... by the time you 're five months pregnant you 're all in , " said Carol , not her real name . " There 's no great outcome in these situations . " Babies without lungs , kidneys , spines , bones or brains : These are the rare " incompatible with life " conditions that clinicians say prompt most , if not all , of Canada 's contentious " live born " abortions . According to Statisticsand 2009 . But while three MPs drafted a Jan. 23 letter to the RCMP citing these " live born " abortions as evidence of premeditated " homicide " in Canadian hospitals , clinicians and veterans of the procedure maintain that in Canada , the only fetuses terminated in late-stage abortions are those whose fates are already sealed . Carol 's fetus was killed by the procedure , but it was virtually identical to those that result in live births . " I want people to understand what these women have been through before they start accusing the doctors who helped them of being murderers , " said Carol . In 2010 , 537 Canadian women underwent abortions after 21 weeks of pregnancy , not including Quebec . According to Wendy Norman , a clinical professor at the University of British Columbia , " almost everyone " in those cases " has some different anomaly . " Some have fetal anencephaly , a condition in which the fetus fails to develop a brain . Others fail to develop kidneys , a condition known as PotterMany times , said Dr. Norman , the specific defect is so rare that it does not even have a proper medical name . After an ultrasound at 21 weeks , Carol 's fetus was diagnosed with osteogenesis imperfecta , a genetic disorder that results in severe bone fragility . Less severe versions of the condition are survivable , although they result in physical deformities into adulthood . Carol 's fetus , however , had one of the most extreme cases . If the baby was naturally stillborn , said Carol , she would have needed to select a name , learn the child 's gender and make funeral arrangements . Carol requested a late-stage abortion , adding that the procedure was never broached by medical staff , and even finding a physician qualified to perform it was a challenge . " They 're not offering these things up . It was n't even presented as an option , " she said . If anything , she said , hospital staff made sure to explain why some women will carry a known stillborn tobirth . Blogs and online pregnancy forums abound with testimonials from women who carried their children to term with full knowledge that they would not live more than a matter of minutes . I savored every kick and turn she made inside my growing belly " I savored every kick and turn she made inside my growing belly , " wrote one woman of her decision to carry a fetus with fetal anencephaly to term . Wrote another woman whose fetus was diagnosed with Potter 's Syndrome , " I chose to carry to term and made it to 37 1/2 weeks when we had a C-section ... He lived just under three hours , the happiest and saddest hours of my life . " Speaking to the Post in November , Dr. Douglas Black , president of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , speculated that similar sentiments may underlie the 491 " live-born " abortions between 2000 and 2009 . As hospitals will routinely administer a lethal injection to a fetus prior to a later-stage abortion , Dr. Black guessed that any aborteddue to the " private choice " of a mother . Such fetuses are " subsequently allowed to pass away , depending on what the circumstances are , sometimes in their mom 's arms , " he said . For Carol , there were physical risks of carrying the fetus to term over another four months , but she said it was also a psychological decision . " The idea of having the pain of childbirth compounded by the really emotional trauma of losing a child , it was a lot to take on . ... I do n't think I would have been able to think about having more babies subsequently , " she said . She has since given birth to a second child in a complications-free pregnancy . 
Mary Leakey , the ' grande dame of archeology , ' gets a Google celebration for her 100th birthday Mary Leakey , the ' grande dame of archeology , ' turns 100 Mary Leakey cemented her status as a giant of archeology in 1959 with one confident cry : " I 've found him -- I 've found our man ! " She was calling out to her husband , Louis , after coming across a bone protruding from stones during an expedition in Tanzania . " Her man " was an Australopithecus boisei ape -- about 1.8 million years old . His was the first fossilized skull ever found from the extinct , human-related species . Leakey , the " grande dame of archeology , " as author Virginia Morrell put it , would have turned 100 Wednesday . To mark the occasion , Google converted its logo into a tribute to the British archaeologist . The Australopithecus boisei skull was one of several important discoveries Leakey made in her career -- all made despite the fact that she had nearlyShe got thrown out of school very early on and never wanted to go back , and became hugely interested in archaeology , " Richard Leakey , her son , told Archaeology magazine She had been working as an illustrator for archeological books , which was how she met her eventual husband , archeologist Louis Leakey . In their time working together , the couple made significant discoveries in the field , including uncovering the Homo habili " handy man " and , later , the Laetoli Footprints -- which showed human-like walking patterns from 3.6 million years ago . Leakey died in 1996 at the age of 83 . " She was one of the world 's great originals , " anatomist Dr. Alan Walker , who had accompanied the Leakey family on expeditions , told the New York Times for her obituary . She was one of the world 's great originals " Untrained except in art , she developed techniques of excavation and descriptive archeology and did it all on her own in the middle of Africa , " he added . "death , her family name is still making headlines in the world of archeology . Just a few months ago , Meave Leakey , Mary 's daughter-in-law , made news after her team reported finding a new species of humans from two million years ago . To honour Mary 's 100th birthday , the Leakey Foundation is encouraging people to donate $100 in her honour to further scientific knowledge of human origins . 
Indian Railway 's total earning up by 20% The total approximate earnings of Indian Railways on originating basis during 1st April 2012 to 31st January 2013 was Rs 101223.95 crore compared to Rs 84083.74 crore during the same period last year . TNN Feb 11 , 2013 , 03.34 PM IST MUMBAI : The total approximate earnings of Indian Railways on originating basis during 1st April 2012 to 31st January 2013 was Rs 101223.95 crore compared to Rs 84083.74 crore during the same period last year , registering an increase of 20.38 per cent . A press release issued by the ministry of railways said , " The total goods earnings have gone up from Rs 56163.30 crore during 1st April 2011 - 31st January 2012 to Rs 70067.36 crore during 1st April 2012 - 31st January 2013 , registering an increase of 24.76 per cent . " The total passenger revenue earnings during 1st April 2012 - 31st January 2013 was Rs 25924.29 crore compared to Rs. 23344.42 crore during the same period last year , registering an increase of 11.05The revenue earnings from other coaching amounted to Rs 2617.19 crore during April 2012 - January 2013 compared to Rs 2353.54 crore during the same period last year , an increase of 11.20 per cent . " The total approximate numbers of passengers booked during 1st April 2012 - 31st January 2013 were 7150.60 million compared to 6910.00 million during the same period last year , showing an increase of 3.48 per cent . The ministry further said in the suburban and non-suburban sectors , the numbers of passengers booked during April 2012 -January 2013 were 3753.32 million and 3397.28 million compared to 3651.70 million and 3258.30 million during the same period last year , showing an increase of 2.78 per cent 3.48 per cent respectively . RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining : 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on Twitter SIGN IN WITH FacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments thatindulge in personal attacks , name calling or inciting hatred against any community . Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive . Let 's work together to keep the conversation civil . Read more Most Popular The external affairs ministry on Wednesday advised Indian students seeking admission in two California-based universities to defer their departure till it gets a response from the US government on the issue . 
News You Can Use 24 genes enhance the risk of myopia An unfavourable combination of genetic predisposition and environmental factors appears to be particularly risky for the development of myopia . Scientists have identified 24 new genes that cause myopia or short-sightedness , a breakthrough that could lead to drugs for prevention of the eye condition from which 80% of Asians suffer . Myopia is a major cause of blindness and visual impairment worldwide , and currently there is no cure , according to a study published in the journal Nature Genetics . The study was led by professor Chris Hammond from the department of twin research and genetic epidemiology at King 's College London . Researchers analysed the genetic and refractive error data of over 45,000 people from 32 different studies . The new genes include those which function in brain and eye tissue signalling , the structure of the eye , and eye development . It was already known that environmental factors , such as reading , lack of outdoor exposure , and a higher level of education can increase the riskenvironmental factors appears to be particularly risky for the development of myopia . " This study reveals for the first time a group of new genes that are associated with myopia and that carriers of some of these genes have a tenfold increased risk of developing the condition , " Prof. Hammond said in a statement . 
Banks can open A/cs for Bangladeshi nationals sans RBI nod MUMBAI : The Reserve Bank today said banks are permitted to now open non-resident ordinary rupee ( NRO ) account of Bangladeshi nationals without its prior approval . " ... it has been decided that henceforth , banks would be permitted to open NRO account of individual/s of Bangladesh nationality without the approval of the Reserve Bank , " it said in a notification . The permission is granted subject to the conditions the bank should satisfy itself that the individual holds a valid visa and valid residential permit . The RBI said banks should put in place a system of quarterly reporting whereby each branch of the bank shall maintain a record of the bank accounts opened by individual(s) of Bangladesh nationality and details of such account shall be forwarded to their head office . The head office of the concerned bank shall furnish details of such accounts --containing the name , date of arrival in India , passport number , residential permit reference , name of the Foreigner Registration Officethe bank branch where the account is maintained -- on quarterly basis to the Ministry of Home Affairs . However , opening of accounts by entities of Bangladesh ownership shall continue to require approval of RBI , it added further . As per the extant guidelines , opening of Non-Resident Ordinary Rupee ( NRO ) accounts by individuals/entities of Bangladesh/Pakistan nationality/ ownership requires approval of Reserve Bank . 
Tell the dogs something they have n't known all along Here 's the answer : Of course you do . All dog owners , in their heart of hearts , are convinced their drooling pet is the canine version of Einstein , only with better grooming . GUS RUELAS / PURINA / THE ASSOCIATED PRESS ARCHIVES Cochiti , a six-year-old whippet , competes in a diving dog competition . A new book argues dogs are smarter than you think . CP Stray dogs in Moscow are smart enough to use public transport , a fact accepted by Muscovites who do n't crowd them on the subway . The thing is , they 're right : dogs are geniuses . In this well-researched , highly readable book , author Brian Hare -- a scientist who is becoming known throughout the world as " that dog guy " -- has laid out a compelling argument for the unique genius of man 's best friend . It 's not that your dog has the skill to paint a masterpiece or compose aa special kind of intelligence that gives them more in common with human infants than their wolf ancestors . Written with his co-researcher and wife , Vanessa Woods , The Genius of Dogs is the first book to provide a complete look at the new world of " dog cognition , " which has been playfully dubbed " dognition . " For hundreds of years , researchers largely overlooked the millions of domesticated dogs that serve as pets or service animals , comfortably working alongside humans . But in the last 10 years , there has been something of a revolution in the study of canine intelligence , and Hare has been the scientist leading the charge . " We have learned more about how dogs think in the past decade than we have in the previous century , " Hare writes . " This book is about how cognitive science has come to understand the genius of dogs through experimental games using nothing much more high-tech than toys , cups , balls and anything else lying around the garage . " An evolutionary anthropologist ,Centre . Most importantly , he 's a dog lover . And , thankfully , he 's not a blowhard . In journalism , there 's a warning : When dealing with experts , beware the expertise . The concern is when academics write books , they tend to bash readers over the head with scientific jargon in an effort to ensure everyone understands just how clever they are . Thankfully , Hare , aided by his journalist wife , has crafted a game-changing book that , while faithfully documenting complex research , is clear , jargon-free and relies on a simple narrative style to deliver a truly gripping read . What does Hare mean when he says dogs are geniuses ? Well , he 's mostly referring to their ability to spontaneously make inferences , to solve problems by reading human gestures . Hare recalls his time working at Emory University under a professor named Mike Tomasello , who was trying to figure out what makes us human . One day , Mike was lamenting that only humans understand " communicative intentions , " which allowpointing . At that moment , the author had a flash of insight . " I think my dog can do it , " he blurted . And , through a series of experiments in his parents ' garage with their dog , Oreo , he proved just that . It turns out that dogs have a unique ability to follow human gestures , such as pointing , to locate a food reward hidden under one of a series of plastic cups . In fact , dogs are at the top of the class compared with wolves and chimps and other wild animals . " In short , " Hare writes , " Mike and I concluded that dogs have communicative skills that are amazingly similar to those of infants . " The long-standing belief is that domesticated dogs are less intelligent than wild animals such as wolves and foxes , yet the central point of The Genius of Dogs is that the opposite is true -- human contact has actually increased the genius of the species . With a nod to Darwin , Hare saysA friendly wild dog , one that was willing to tolerate proximity to humans , was favoured with a great reward -- a new food supply known as " garbage . " Hare also dispels the myth that scientists have had their senses of humour surgically removed . In one chapter , he recounts a hilarious , if uncomfortable , evening spent in a Russian sauna , where the other researchers insisted on calling him " Brain " instead of Brian . " I sat naked in a Russian banya , " he writes . " The air in the sauna was so dry and hot , it scorched my windpipe all the way down to my lungs ... The other eight Russian men , also naked , were leaning against the cedar walls , their eyes closed in ecstasy , as though slowly roasting yourself alive was the most relaxing thing in the world . " There 's a lot more vodka and jumping through holes in the ice involved , but you can find that out for yourself . We also are n't going tothe smartest . You 're going to have to go out and buy the book . In fact , we suggest you pick up two -- get one for your dog , because , after all , he 's a genius . Book review History Updated on Saturday , February 16 , 2013 at 1:43 PM CST : adds fact box You can comment on most stories on winnipegfreepress.com . You can also agree or disagree with other comments . All you need to do is be a Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscriber to join the conversation and give your feedback . 
A novel experiment that gives rats the ability to " feel " infrared light by hijacking their sense of touch may require scientists to re-evaluate their ideas about how the brain works , says the lead researcher behind the study . Six rats were implanted with electrodes that connect their brains to infrared sensors they wore on the tops of their heads . The electrodes were inserted into each animal 's somatosensory cortex -- the part of a rat 's brain that is responsible for sensing touch , particularly through the whiskers . Multimedia Hacking the Brain When the wired rats were placed in a situation where infrared lights were turned on and off around them , they first responded as though they were feeling an invisible touch to their whiskers . Within a few days , however , the rats ' responses changed and they were able to identify and move toward sources of infrared light as though " seeing " them in the distance . " They basically started behaving like they 're projecting the sensation of touch into theof neurobiology and bioengineering at Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , who led the experiment . What is especially intriguing is that Dr. Nicolelis and his colleagues made no special effort to connect the infrared sensors to specific neurons apart from placing then in the general brain region associated with touch . " We did n't have to go fishing for the right cells , " says Dr. Nicolelis . The results suggest that adult brains are for more plastic than expected and , aided by so-called neuro-prosthetic devices , can quickly develop new sensory modalities that operate on top of the conventional five senses . Dr. Nicolelis says the work could lead to ways of helping human patients acquire a different kind of sight even when the visual cortex is damaged . Currently , damage to the brain 's visual processing centre is considered an insurmountable barrier to regaining a sense of sight . In the future , Dr. Nicolelis adds , people who suffer no impairments at all may opt to add to their sensory capabilities with implants that allow them to" I tell my students that Superman must have a neuro-prosthesis for X-ray vision , " says Dr. Nicolelis . The study , published in the journal Nature Communications , is one of several illustrating the rapid advancements under way in brain-machine interfaces . The field is the focus of a session on Sunday at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Boston . The work has also attracted the attention of bioethicists exploring how technologies that enhance the brain may one day change our concept of what it means to be human . Despite the futuristic nature of the technology , it not too soon to discuss its implications , says Martha Farah , director of the Center for Neuroscience and Society at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia . " Part of the point in having discussions at this stage , in anticipation of these technologies being available , is that we can perhaps decide how would we like our society to manage and guide their use , " says Dr. Farah . Restrictions All rights reserved .framing or similar means , is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content , or for any actions taken in reliance on such content . ' Thomson Reuters ' and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies . 
video video If you said ( f ) , you 're right . In the perfumed salons of Rosedale , Toronto 's gilded midtown neighbourhood , I have heard people whisper about another that " she really should do something about those lines " as though a shot of Botox is a matter of simple maintenance , like having your leaves blown off your lawn . To not do it is seen as a failure of community manners . I have also observed women who submit to the facial needle out of a sense of obligation to their physical beauty . They may never say this , of course , but the sentiment is there . That their effort to preserve it often goes awry and they end up looking like plastic versions of themselves ( I 'm looking at you , Nicole Kidman ) is not the point . It 's often a function of identity : They are their beauty . Not to try to sustain it is akin to not fully using the brain you were born with . Andlook like a grouch when they do n't feel they are . In her book Lots of Candles , Plenty of Cake , Anna Quindlen , the 60-year-old novelist and journalist who famously chronicled thirtysomething life back in the 1980s , wrote that she started using Botox for her frown lines in her mid-50s because she did n't want to look cross when she was n't . " And it 's addictive , " she told me with a laugh when I interviewed her about the book . This is where the Botox-as-sex metaphor comes in . Once you get a taste of it , it 's hard not to want a repeat , er , injection . It is the treatment of depression through Botox , though , that is as new as a baby 's skin . In The Face of Emotion : How Botox Affects Our Moodsand Relationships , released two weeks ago , Eric Finzi , a dermatological surgeon , writes of the link between facial expressions and emotions . His theories and anecdotal evidence have recently been corroborated by thorough medical studies . ( Incidentallyd ) above , which he heard from one of his patients . ) It 's not simply that a Botox injection to the face can make you feel happier because you look better . That 's the assumption many make , Finzi acknowledges in an interview from Chevy Chase , Md. , where he lives and works . And he does n't dispute that looking good makes you feel good -- that 's his business after all . Rather , Finzi 's work centres around the new and controversial idea that our facial expressions not only reflect our emotions , but also cause them . It 's a " facial feedback theory of emotion " that he describes as a continuous looping of signals or pathways between muscles and the brain . Basically , the more you frown , the more the brain experiences negative messaging . So when Botox inhibits the frown muscle , " that electrical circuit is clamped off , " Finzi explains over the phone . In 2003 , he started a clinical trial to test his hypothesis that Botox inhibition ofscientific theories from the 19th century , including Charles Darwin 's The Expression of the Emotions in Manand Animals , in which the celebrated scientist wrote : " The free expression by outward signs of an emotion intensifies it . On the other hand , the repression , as far as this is possible , of all outward signs softens our emotions . " Finally , Finzi realized that he had a way to test ancient hypotheses with a modern tool : Botox . His small studies also piqued the interest of Axel Wollmer , a psychiatrist at the University of Basel in Switzerland . Last year , results of his randomized controlled study on the effects of Botox on depression were published in the Journal of Psychiatric Research , showing significant statistical results . The study investigated whether patients who suffered from clinical depression and had not responded to antidepressant medications could be helped with Botox injections in their frown lines . Participants in the treatment group were given a single dose of Botox ( five injections ) between and just above their eyebrows . An equal-sizedBotox , symptoms of depression decreased 47 per cent after six weeks and lasted through the 16-week study period . In the placebo group , there was a nine per cent reduction in symptoms . Wollmer concluded that Botox " interrupts feedback from the facial musculature to the brain , which may be involved in the development and maintenance of negative emotion . " What has hindered investigations into Botox and depression is the stigma it carries as merely a tool for the vain even though its uses for medical conditions such as cerebral palsy , Parkinson 's disease and migraines are well known , Finzi says . " Do n't blame the molecule ! " he implores with a laugh . " Do n't attach whatever feelings you have about cosmetic procedures to its potential usefulness for other things . I would predict that , by the end of 2013 , there will be not only one but three randomized , controlled , double-blind tests that will have been completed . And when all three are published , that will be very powerful stuff . " <p>pharmaceutical companies . Depression , of course , is a serious problem . And anything that can help alleviate it is significant . But I ca n't help but think that this news would provide the perfect excuse for indulging in Botox from here on in . " It 's not for my vanity , darling , " you could say at swishy soirees as your friends notice your newly unfurrowed brow . 
Women and visible minorities are underrepresented in senior leadership positions across Montreal , according to a report published by Ryerson University 's Diversity Institute and the Desautels Faculty of Management at McGill . The report -- part of DiversityLeads , a five-year , $2.5-million project funded by the federal Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council ( SSHRC ) -- aims to " benchmark and assess the progress of diversity in leadership " to develop specific solutions to advance diversity across Canada . It examined six sectors : elected , public , private , education , voluntary , and appointments to Agencies , Boards and Commissions . The study found that women accounted for 31.2 per cent of senior leadership positions , despite comprising 51.7 per cent of the population of surveyed areas in greater Montreal . The figure for visible minorities was even lower , standing at only 5.9 per cent , despite visible minorities comprising 22.5 per cent of the population . The problem compounds itself for women that are visible minorities , who represent 11.5 per cent of the population , butThe corporate sector was found to be the least diverse , with women at 15.1 per cent and minorities at 2.6 per cent . By comparison , the government and education sectors both had over 40 per cent women , with 9.6 and 6.4 per cent visible minorities , respectively . Wendy Cukier , founder and director of the Diversity Institute at Ryerson University and a lead researcher on the project , highlighted the significance of the sector-based approach to this research in an email to The Daily . In a phone interview with The Daily , Suzanne Gagnon , another researcher on the project and a professor of organizational behaviour at Desautels , warned that sector averages should not necessarily be taken at face value , and that there is often a wide range of representation within sectors . She suggested that certain organizations could act as models for others within the same sector . She explained that phase two of the research would include a cross-sectoral survey and case studies to discover specific reasons for , and solutions to , the problem . Gagnon emphasizedthe top of an organization has been linked to a company or organization 's ability to retain top talent , and also as a separate issue -- although they are linked to an extent -- to innovate , to make innovative and creative decisions drawing on multiple perspectives . " She also explained that , " it matters for young people and for their aspirations and for social inclusion more generally to have leaders who broadly represent the population . " Elizabeth Groeneveld , a faculty lecturer and chair of the Women 's Studies program at McGill , explained that underrepresentation in leadership in Montreal is likely linked to broader systemic racism and sexism . " There can be impediments in terms of access to education and the kind of mentoring that is often given to men or people who are racialized as white that is not always extended in the same way to women and visible minorities , " said Groeneveld . Gagnon , in reference to both the corporate sector and as a general trend , described how organizations are " self-reproducing entities " thata systemic obstacle to introducing women and visible minorities . Groeneveld echoed this idea : " The language of being ' the right fit ' for a company can sometimes become code for people who look like us , think like us , and talk like us . " Cukier noted that several other projects are in progress as part of DiversityLeads , including studies on the representation of Aboriginal people , persons with disabilities , and members of LGBT communities , as well as analysis on the impact of representations of leadership in media . Gagnon mentioned that similar studies were also conducted in other major Canadian cities , including Vancouver and Toronto . 
Private prisons ' are run better ' than those in public sector Private firms are better at running prisons than the public sector and all jails should be subject to open competition , an independent think-tank said today . Better staff-prisoner relationships , boosted by the use of first names and mentoring schemes , help rid private jails of hostilitiesPhoto : PA 2:45AM GMT 21 Feb 2013 The Government would be wrong to limit the role of private companies within prisons to small contracts such as maintenance and catering , the right-leaning group Reform said . Some 10 out of 12 privately managed prisons have lower reoffending rates among offenders serving 12 months or more than comparable public sector prisons , Reform found . Meanwhile , the group also called for the end to national pay bargaining for prison officers with pay and conditions to be set locally by governors . The coalition Government denied there had been a ' ' U-turn ' ' on the use of prison competition , while campaigners for prison reform said it was almostTanner , who penned the report The Case for Private Prisons , said : ' ' Twenty years of private prisons have created an effective market which is ready to grow . Evidence shows that a greater role for the private sector will advance the ' rehabilitation revolution ' which ministers want to deliver . ' ' Private firms have been managing prisons since 1992 , but in November last year Justice Secretary Chris Grayling signalled a move away from wholesale privatisation as he decided four prisons , including G4S-run HMP Wolds , should be run by the public sector . Two contracts to run five prisons -- Acklington and Castington , which have since formed Northumberland prison , and three in South Yorkshire -- will proceed to the next stage of the competition with an announcement expected next spring . Mr Grayling said private firms will be brought in to all public prisons to run maintenance , resettlement and catering to save up to ? 450 million over six years . Policy groups , including Reform , said the decision amounted to the end of competitionalthough Mr Grayling insisted it did not rule out further prison-by-prison competitions in the future . Looking at Ministry of Justice data , Reform said this decision was not supported by analysis of prison effectiveness . Some seven out of 10 privately managed prisons have lower reoffending rates among offenders serving fewer than 12 months , compared to comparable public sector prisons . Furthermore , Reform said private prisons outperform their public counterparts in four of the performance measures used by the MoJ . A total of 12 out of 12 private jails performed better than the public sector at ' ' resource management and operational effectiveness ' ' , while seven out of 12 were better at ' ' reducing re-offending ' ' . However , seven out of 12 public prisons performed better than private jails at ' ' public protection ' ' . In the report , Mr Tanner argues : ' ' Private contractors outperform comparable public sector prisons on both cost and quality , delivering better value for money for the taxpayer . ' ' In addition , thesimilar public sector prisons for both long and short-term prisoners , a key Government objective . ' ' As a result , Reform recommends that all prisons should be subject to competition including the private sector . It also calls for local pay decision-making to be introduced in prisons , with governors taking on responsibility for deciding staffing arrangements , pay and conditions and performance-related pay . This would spell the end of national pay bargaining for prison officers , a move that would spark fury among unions . Mr Tanner said : ' ' Market-facing pay and adaptable staffing arrangements have not only reduced cost considerably but also improved staff-prisoner relationships and internal cultures within prisons . ' ' Justice Minister Jeremy Wright said : ' ' Reoffending rates across the entire prison estate are too high and we are pressing ahead with major reforms to tackle this unacceptable problem . ' ' And let 's be clear -- there has been no U-turn on the use of prison competition . ' ' The cost of running our prisons is too high andnew approach for reducing costs and improving services aimed at reducing reoffending at a faster rate involving the private sector . ' ' Mr Wright added : ' ' This simplistic analysis does not tell the whole story -- a wide range of factors contribute to reoffending including previous criminal behaviour , drug and alcohol dependency and the support offenders receive on release from prison . This is why we are committed to introducing significant reforms that will bring down our stubbornly high reoffending rates . ' ' She said : ' ' It is almost impossible to compare the performance and reoffending rates of one establishment with another , partly because prisons hold different categories of offenders and also because prisoners often serve their sentences in a number of different jails . ' ' 
It 's thought that the chemical resveratrol , found in red grapes and red wine , is the reason why . Resveratrol , a chemical found in red grapes and red wine , may protect against hearing loss This is the same compound that has been linked with other positive health benefits such as preventing cancer and heart disease . In a study conducted at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit , healthy rats were less likely to suffer noise-induced hearing loss when given resveratrol before being exposed to loud noise for a long period of time . RELATED ARTICLES Share this article Share Study leader Dr Michael Seidman said : ' Our latest study focuses on resveratrol and its effect on the body 's response to injury - something that is believed to be the cause of many health problems including Alzheimer 's disease , cancer , ageing and hearing loss . Resveratrol appeared to reduce the damage to hearing from loud noises ' Resveratrol is a very powerful chemical that seems to protect against the bodycognition brain function and hearing loss . ' Hearing loss affects half of people over the age of 60 , but many begin to suffer problems in their 40s or 50s . It usually sets in with the death of tiny ' hair ' cells in the inner ear as a result of ageing . The study found that resveratrol reduced noise-induced hearing loss in rats exposed to potentially deafening sounds . Dr Seidman said : ' We 've shown that by giving animals resveratrol , we can reduce the amount of hearing and cognitive decline . ' The study is published in the journal Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery . Last month , scientists from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem reported that washing down red meat with a glass of red can actually prevent the build-up of cholesterol in the body . The researchers , from the found that after eating red or dark meat , compounds called malondialdehyde accumulate in the blood stream . These can help to form the type of cholesterol that can raise the risk of heart disease .day could help prevent bowel cancer , Leicester University researchers said recently . 
A giant sunspot that is at least six times the diameter of Earth has formed on the Sun in less than 48 hours , Nasa has announced . Sunspots are dark spots on the surface of the Sun which appear as turbulent magnetic fields in its surface rearrange and realign . The massive sunspot , which formed over the course of Tuesday and Wednesday , quickly evolved into an unstable configuration , and could lead to solar flares , which can interrupt our radio communications . Scroll down for video Rapid formation : The bottom two black spots on the sun , known as sunspots , appeared quickly over the course of February 19-20 . These two sunspots are part of the same system and are over six Earths across Nasa scientists spotted the huge sunspot forming through instruments on the agency 's Solar Dynamics Observatory , one of several spacecraft that monitor the Sun 's weather . ' Over the course of February 19-20 , 2013 , scientists watched a giant sunspot form in under 48 hours , ' saidIt has grown to over six Earth diameters across but its full extent is hard to judge since the spot lies on a sphere not a flat disk . ' The sunspot identified by Nasa is formed of several dark blemishes on the surface on the Sun which have evolved rapidly over the past couple of days . NASA 'S SUN WATCHER : THE SOLAR DYNAMICS OBSERVATORY The Solar Dynamics Observatory contains a suite of instruments that will provide observations leading to a more complete understanding of the solar dynamics that drive variability in the Earth 's environment . This set of instruments : Measures the extreme ultraviolet spectral irradiance of the Sun at a rapid cadence Measures the Doppler shifts due to oscillation velocities over the entire visible disk Makes high-resolution measurements of the longitudinal and vector magnetic field over the entire visible disk Makes images of the chromosphere and inner corona at several temperatures at a rapid cadence Makes those measurements over a significant portion of a solar cycle to capture the solar variations that may exist in different timeintense magnetic activity and are actually cooler than the rest of the Sun , which leaves them clearly visible as dark spots in the photosphere . In reality , if the sunspot were isolated from the surrounding photosphere it would be brighter than an electric arc . Ms Fox added : ' The spot quickly evolved into what 's called a delta region , in which the lighter areas around the sunspot , the penumbra , exhibit magnetic fields that point in the opposite direction of those fields in the center , dark area . ' This is a fairly unstable configuration that scientists know can lead to eruptions of radiation on the sun called solar flares . ' The observation comes as the Sun is gearing up for the most active phase of its 11-year solar cycle . The Sun 's magnetic field lines are the most distorted at this time due to the magnetic field on the solar equator rotating at a slightly faster pace than at the solar poles . This causes large numbers of sunspots appear , and the Sun 'sThe increased energy output of solar maxima can impact global climate and recent studies have shown some correlation with regional weather patterns . The solar cycle takes an average of about 11 years to go from one solar maximum to the next , with an observed variation in duration of 9 to 14 years for any given solar cycle . Large solar flares often occur during a maximum . For example , the Solar storm of 1859 struck the Earth with such intensity the northern lights could be seen as far south as Rome . The last solar maximum was in 2000 . In 2006 NASA initially expected a solar maximum in 2010 or 2011 , and thought that it could be the strongest since 1958 . However , more recent projections say the maximum should arrive in autumn of 2013 and be the smallest sunspot cycle since 1906. 
Special landscape has fascinating story CHARLOTTE SQUIRE Last updated 13:00 27/02/2013 CHARLOTTE SQUIRE/FAIRFAX NZ Much to tell : Remnants of ancient kahikatea forest on Rangihaeata beach . Paul Kilgour will be leading a guided walk along the beach from Rangihaeata to Onekaka beach next week explaining the geological and social history of the area . Relevant offers Golden Bay 's rich history and natural attractions are inspiring visitors to explore and helping raise money for a new school . The Democratic School 's fundraiser with a difference is a series of guided walks . Geology specialist Geoff Rennison led one walk through the unique landscape of Wharariki Beach last week . On Friday there is a walk following in Abel Tasman 's footsteps and a walk from Rangihaeata to Onekaka is scheduled on March 7 . Longtime local and history buff Paul Kilgour is taking a guided walk along the coast from Rangihaeata beach to Onekaka beach , crossing four rivers . The walk will begin with a discussion about the remnants of an ancient stand of kahikatea7000 years . " This is the remnants of a forest that was here before an earth movement occurred , " he said . " Further along the beach is an iron reef of iron oxide . All the other minerals have evaporated through processes such as earth movement , pressure , weather and storms . This is the only place in the northern part of the South Island where this happens . " Mr Kilgour said the Rangihaeata to Onekaka coast used to be the main highway for people travelling from Takaka to Collingwood . " Before erosion people used to cross the Takaka River at the mouth , on a ledge . There was a ferry man who used to row people across the river , or their horses would swim across . " There 's not much known about the traditional ferry man , but you 'll come across mentions of them in books , " he said . " I love it when you look at something and it sets you off on this big mystery . The more you lookknow . " Democratic School fundraiser Martine Barnvinger said there would be lunch at the Onekaka Hall after the walk and the option for a guided scenic flight over Golden Bay . " Paul will be in the plane with you , it costs an extra $40 . So after you hear the history you get to go up and see it , " she said . This Friday the walk " In Abel Tasman 's Footsteps " will be led by Robert Jenkin around Wainui Bay to retrace Abel Tasman 's first visit to the area . It will be in three stages . The first discussion is at the Abel Tasman Memorial , the second in Wainui Bay and the third up on a Wainui Bay lookout . Lunch will be at the Tui Community . The walks are a fundraiser for the Kahurangi Education Trust , which is in the process of establishing a new democratic school in Golden Bay . " There are people who are homeschooling who are integrating democratic school principles into their homeschooling programme while working onof Education declined our application but we 're still working on realising the vision that we had for a democratic school , " Mrs Barnvinger said . Walk bookings can be made at Golden Bay Organics , Takaka or phone 03 525 6037. 
People in Western Australia sheltering from a category four cyclone in the Pilbara are likely to be stuck inside for some time as the intense weather system , bringing destructive winds and dangerous flooding with it , makes its way across the region very slowly . It 's one of two duelling weather systems wreaking havoc on the east and west coasts of Australia . People in the Pilbara from Pardoo to Whim Creek including Port Hedland and South Hedland , are on " red alert " as cyclone Rusty moves towards the area . It is likely the alert will not be downgraded for some time and they may have to stay sheltered for up to 36 hours . The Department of Fire and Emergency Services has urged people to be patient , saying the weather poses a threat to lives and homes . The cyclone has brought strong winds to the area , despite still being off the coast , and will slowly move over the area , meaning highly dangerous winds and rain are expected to continue into Thursdayand one in South Hedland - are reportedly close to capacity . More than a dozen schools in the area are closed and hundreds of houses in the area were without power . People in low lying areas of Port Hedland , were urged to relocate because of fears of a storm surge in the area . This morning , Rusty was estimated to be 130 kilometres north-north-east of Port Hedland and 290 kilometres east-north-east of Karratha and near stationary . Wind gusts to 120kmh have already been experienced in Port Hedland and winds exceeding 230kmh were likely to develop . EAST COAST SWAMPED On Australia 's east coast , a number of central Queensland towns and hamlets have been isolated by floodwaters for the second time in two months after torrential rains . Rusty 's influence was being widely felt as it brought clouds and rain across the continent , reaching Victoria . " It 's moisture streaming from Rusty , " said Brett Dutschke , senior meteorologist at Weatherzone . Combined with moisture coming off the Pacific , " it 'sthe country , forecasters said . Rivers have broken their banks in the Banana , Gladstone and Fraser Coast regions of Queensland . Banana Shire Mayor Ron Carrige said all roads leading to the town of Biloela were swamped by floodwaters . ' ' We 're pretty well stranded at the moment , ' ' he told AAP . ' ' We 're cut off north , south , east and west . ' ' Some farmers had just started replanting after floods last month . ' ' I do n't know how much more you can wreck things that are already wrecked , ' ' Carrige said . And the council was n't sure when the floodwaters would recede . ' ' I want to get home myself . All we can do is watch it and see , ' ' Carrige said . Southeast of Bileola , Maryborough was preparing for the Mary River to peak at seven metres about 8am ( 10am NZT ) on Thursday . 
Firefighters test new flying drones Christchurch firefighters test their new drones , which can collect aerial footage without putting firefighters or the public at risk . Relevant offers The public could be forgiven for thinking UFOs had entered Christchurch airspace this week , as firefighters test new flying drones they say could help save lives . The Canterbury Fire Service has bought two $25,000 unmanned aerial vehicles , with training planned at various city sites . Effectively miniature helicopters , the Darley Stingers are designed to give fire command units ' ' a view from above ' ' at fire , search and rescue scenes . With an inbuilt global positioning system ( GPS ) and either a high-definition camera or thermal imager attached , they can help direct crews , find hot spots and search for survivors in anything from rubble to cliffs . Firefighters testing them at the old AMI Stadium today said they were also relatively simply to fly . 
Man jailed for Pitt St arson A Dunedin man has been jailed for 33 months for setting fire to a student boarding house where he was living and employed as a casual caretaker . Alan Graham Brown ( 54 ) admitted lighting a fire in a bedroom of the 19th-century one-time stately home in Pitt St last May , causing almost $60,000 damage to the building and costing one of the occupants more than $6000 in the loss of uninsured property , including musical instruments , a laptop and irreplaceable music composition notes . Sentencing Brown in the Dunedin District Court yesterday , Judge Michael Crosbie said the facts of the case were a reminder to landlords and students , in particular , of the immeasurable value of fire and smoke alarms . He had no doubt that , in the particular case , the alarms had saved lives . Brown pleaded guilty before trial on one charge of intentionally damaging the house by fire on May 8 last year . He and an associate , Peter Curran , lived on theseven students occupied the ground floor rooms and shared a kitchen , lounge and bathroom facilities . On the evening of May 8 , the students were alerted to the beeping of a smoke alarm . They initially thought the noise was from a television programme they were watching . But when they went into the hallway they saw a rear bedroom was ablaze . They abandoned thoughts of trying to put out the fire , called the Fire Service and set about getting everyone out of the building . Brown and Mr Curran were both intoxicated and had only just gone to bed after a heavy drinking session . The students had to force the door to Mr Curran 's room , to get him out and , once outside , he ran back in to rescue the house kittens . He was overcome with heat and smoke and had to be rescued from the first floor but he and the kittens suffered no lasting effects . The firefighters extinguished the fire only minutes before it would have taken hold of the entire building . They toldwas interviewed 10 days later and denied any knowledge of the fire 's origin but , about two weeks later , he confessed he had lit it . He said he had been struggling with mental health issues and wanted to seek help , something he said he should have done 20 years ago . At sentencing yesterday , John Westgate said Brown appeared motivated to make changes . He had used his time productively in prison and had re-evaluated his life . But Mr Westgate said it was probably unrealistic to order reparation . Judge Crosbie told Brown it was ' ' naive ' ' for him to say he wanted to come out of prison and get on with his life . With five pages of criminal convictions , three now for arson , and the majority involving alcohol , he must have a serious addiction . His actions had caused huge loss to the young man whose property was not insured and the owner of the house was shocked when she saw the results of the fire . She was also shocked because Brownat damage caused to precious personal effects in the house . The judge sentenced Brown to two years and nine months ' jail and , while ordering reparation would be akin to ' ' writing on water ' ' , he said Brown should have to pay something . He directed payment of $6000 reparation to the university student who lost everything and a $15,000 contribution to the costs of the insurers . 
Airbus confirmed that South African Airways ( SAA ) on Wednesday morning supplied it with the required legal documents for the lease of five A330-300 aircraft , as per its instructions by Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , as well as his predecessor Nhlanhla Nene . French carmaker Renault aims to complete its takeover of the Lotus Formula One team on Dec. 16 and pay creditors , including Britain 's tax authorities , by the end of the year , the High Court heard on Monday . 2015 is already almost over . We 've seen arrests at FIFA over corruption and bribery claims , the rugby and cricket national teams failing to make the grade at their respective World Cup campaigns , and sprinter Wayde van Niekerk making history at the IAAF World ... Super songstress Adele is on route to sell a million copies of her latest album " 25 " by Christmas Eve in the US for its third non-consecutive week , breaking yet another music industry benchmark ( via Billboard ) . Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa on SaturdayKgasoane ? saying his life 's work demonstrated an extraordinary ability to use his musical talents and gifts to enrich the lives of others . Dr Michael Mol and John Berry 's new cookbook is aimed at the everyday family cook who has their eye on healthier meals , but that does n't mean dessert is off the menu . Try their recipe for chocolate tartlets We have noted with some concern the confusion that has been caused by the article published on Times LIVE entitled : Young African Leadership Initiative asks ANC to recall Zuma for ' betraying SA and party ' . Woman held for bomb threat at East London Airport Sapa 03 March , 2013 13:12 The suspect made a threat about an explosive device in her bag when airport security requested that she declare any dangerous weapons or items in her possession . File photoImage by : Toru Hanai / REUTERS A woman has been arrested for making a bomb threat at the East London Airport , Eastern Cape police said on Sunday . Save &amp; Share " Itexplosive device in her bag when airport security requested that she declare any dangerous weapons or items in her possession , " said Captain Stephen Marais . The 27-year-old woman made the threat while waiting to board a flight out of East London on Friday . Police sniffer dogs and the explosives unit inspected her luggage , but found nothing dangerous . " Police wish to warn the public to refrain from making bomb threats , as this constitutes a very serious offence and is punishable by a fine or prison sentence or both , " said Marais . He said the woman would appear in the East London Magistrate 's Court on Monday on charges relating to the Explosives Act . 
Hafeez was the game changer -- Faf Centurion -- Mohammad Hafeez was the game changer for Pakistan , said losing skipper Faf du Plessis after South Africa suffered their worst defeat in Twenty20 cricket on Sunday . " The shorter the format , the bigger the chance that one person can change the game and Hafeez changed the game today , " Du Plessis said after Pakistan beat South Africa by 95 runs . With the first match rained out in Durban on Friday night , Pakistan took the series 1-0 courtesy of Hafeez , who tore apart the South African attack . " We gave Hafeez too many options and he was scoring both sides of the wicket , " said Du Plessis . " It was only in the 15th or 16th over , we bowled much better and managed to restrict them and get some wickets at the end . So that 's one positive we can take from the game . " After a dismal Test series , Hafeez played an outstanding knock for his 86 offfours and four sixes , came to an unfortunate end when his back foot slid onto his stumps and dislodged the bails . Pakistan started with intent and had the run rate at over nine runs an over from the seventh over . " We can learn from them the way they played the first eight overs , " Du Plessis said . " They put the pressure on our bowlers and made the rest of the game much easier for themselves . " Having beaten Pakistan 3-0 in the Test series , on wickets suited to the South African seam attack , it was a different matter in the T20 . " When it comes to playing on a wicket like this one -- which was very close to being a road -- their skills are better than ours and that 's another area where we want to learn from them . " Pakistan 's opening pair of Nasir Jamshed and Ahmed Shehzad set the pace with the latter smacking two sixes before he was run out on 46 . He faced 25brought Hafeez to the crease but it had no effect on the team 's momentum . Hafeez reached his half-century off 30 balls and achieved his highest T20 score -- his previous being 71 against Zimbabwe , in Harare . Du Plessis had to call on his ' death ' bowlers midway through the innings and said the only advice he gave his bowlers was not to panic . " We 're building towards the next T20 World Cup so if it means experimenting with inexperienced players , then so be it . " When Pakistan are on fire like they were today , they can put the best in the world under pressure and it was a learning curve for our young guys . " Chasing 196 , South Africa opened their innings with AB de Villiers and Henry Davids and tried to replicate the fast start made by the opposition . " It 's the one thing that worked for us today . We know what AB can do in the middle order , so it was just a case of trying himattack . " De Villiers scored 36 off 22 balls , hitting four boundaries and two sixes , until he was castled by Mohammad Irfan . Kleinveldt was the only other South African batsman to make a start as Umar Gul took five wickets for six runs off 2.2 overs . And , after his masterful batting , Hafeez took three for 25 with the ball . " it was a great feeling to walk into a happy dressing-room , " said Hafeez after the match . " I 've missed it for the last 42 days and I just hope we can keep up this good feeling for the one-day series . He said during the Test series , he always felt he was batting well in the nets , but got out to some good balls . " I have to thank the coaches , who always remained positive and lifted my morale . I always try and go out there and express myself and today I took my chances because the pressure is on the bowlers in the T20 format . "you ? Hover your mouse over the comment and wait until a small triangle appears on the right-hand side . Click triangle ( ) and select " Flag as inappropriate " . Our moderators will take action if need be . Verified email addresses : All users on Independent Media news sites are now required to have a verified email address before being allowed to comment on articles . You are only required to verify your email address once to have full access to commenting on articles . For more information please read our comment guidelines 
Those shopping for external drives are usually looking for four things -- design , capacity , performance , and value for money . Out of the box it looks like the Freecom Mobile SQ 500GB hard drive has the first two covered , but is this the full package ? Let 's have a closer look . Freecom Mobile SQ design and build quality The Mobile SQ sports a very lightweight design -- it has a rounded square shape , fits in your hand and is only a little over a centimetre in thickness . This makes it extremely portable and easy to slip into a laptop bag or backpack -- not bad for 500GB of storage . The top and bottom are both done in a sandblasted stainless steel , with a textured black plastic along the sides . There 's a single USB 3.0 port on the back , and four flat rubber feet on the bottom . The feet were a nice touch which prevented the drive from slipping around , without adding much height to it . Overall itfeels very sturdy and solid . A lot of mobile drives you see are done in glossy colours or with striking accents , but the Mobile SQ manages a much more understated look that makes it look a lot less like a running shoe than its competition . The toned-down looks and rubber feet make it great for a media device to plug in to your television , where it should fit in quite nicely . My only complaint is the bundled cable , which is very short -- under a metre . Freecom Mobile SQ Freecom Mobile SQ features The main selling point of this drive is how compact it is ; it 's one of the smaller drives you 'll find at this kind of capacity , impressive considering the Mobile SQ is also available with 1TB of storage . The 1TB is admittedly a little thicker , but not by much . Those wanting security features are going to be disappointed -- the drive does n't come with password protection or any other kind of security , so you 'll want to keepOne thing Freecom have included is a nifty power-saving function that puts the drive into standby when it 's finished copying . It 's not a major selling point , but it 's neat if you want to leave something large to copy while you 're out the house or office . The drive is both Mac and Windows compliant , and comes with a bit of pre-loaded software for Windows users in the form of Nero 's Back It Up and Burn . The software allows you to back up data to the drive as well as format it to your own specifications . Unfortunately , Mac users are stuck with their own OS tools to do the same job . Freecom Mobile SQ Freecom Mobile SQ performance The Freecom Mobile SQ performed reasonably in read and write tests , boasting read times of around 104-109 MB/s and write times just below that at 102-107 MB/s . This is of course using the drive 's USB 3.0 capabilities ; in a USB 2.0 port you 're going to get a tenth of that . Itgoing to get speeds quite a lot lower , around 35-40 MB/s , but this is normal and nothing to worry about . These performance figures are about what you 'd expect ; you would n't want to see numbers much lower than this . There are faster drives out there , but the difference is n't any cause for major concern . Freecom Mobile SQ Freecom Mobile SQ conclusion At an RRP of R999 for the 500GB version , the Freecom Mobile SQ is n't what you 'd call cheap . If all you want is 500GB of storage at USB 3.0 speeds , you could get that for as little as R750 . However , what you are paying for here is the design -- you 'd be hard pressed to find a 500GB drive as compact and elegant as this . It 'll fit in great with your media setup at home , and for a lot of people that will be worth the couple of hundred Rands extra . 
Another shack blaze and 100 homeless INLSADesperate residents of Ekuphumleni in Dunoon work hard at rebuilding their homes after a fire blazed through the informal settlement early yesterday , destroying 60 homes and leaving about 100 people homeless . Picture : WILLEM LAW " Thanks to yet another shack blaze , I have to ask for a loan from my bosses to try to fix my family 's lives . I have to start my life all over again . " That was all Nokubonga Tomose could say after a fire in Ekuphumleni , Dunoon , early on Saturday morning . Residents said an unattended candle left in a shack had started the fire , which destroyed 60 homes in the informal settlement , leaving about 100 people homeless . The city 's fire and rescue services said in a statement that the blaze was reported at 12.23am yesterday . There were no deaths and no one was injured , but scores of residents lost everything they owned . A fire in Khayelitsha on New Year 's Day left morestill not been permanently rehoused . Disaster Risk Management Centre spokesman Wilfred Solomons-Johannes said the blaze was extinguished at about 3.20am yesterday , after fire engines had been sent from Milnerton , Melkbosstrand , Epping , Goodwood and Brooklyn . Residents at the scene yesterday , struggling to begin rebuilding , said the alleged perpetrator fled immediately when he returned to his shack to find it burning . A devastated Tomose , who has two daughters , aged nine and one , said the fire destroyed her baby 's food and clothing . " She 's only feeding from rooibos tea because I do n't have money to buy her more baby food , " she said . Her elder daughter 's school uniform , stationery and books were also destroyed . Tomose settled in Ekuphumleni after moving from Ethembeni , also in Dunoon , after a fire razed her home there . " On Monday I 'll talk to my bosses and see if they can help , " she said . A local NGO was already on the scene yesterday handing. - Sunday Argus Comment Guidelines Has a comment offended you ? Hover your mouse over the comment and wait until a small triangle appears on the right-hand side . Click triangle ( ) and select " Flag as inappropriate " . Our moderators will take action if need be . Verified email addresses : All users on Independent Media news sites are now required to have a verified email address before being allowed to comment on articles . You are only required to verify your email address once to have full access to commenting on articles . For more information please read our comment guidelines 
After more than a year of an ongoing standoff over her nomination to the federal bench in Nevada , Elissa Cadish withdrew her candidacy Friday morning . " It is with regret that I write to inform you that I have requested that President Obama withdraw my nomination to this position , " Cadish wrote in a letter to Sen. Harry Reid , who had championed her candidacy but failed to pull Nevada Sen. Dean Heller on board . Heller had objected to an opinion Cadish wrote about the individual right to bear arms under the Second Amendment , several weeks before the Supreme Court settled the proper interpretation of its clauses in District of Columbia vs . Heller in 2008 . In response to inquiries , Cadish said she would uphold the Supreme Court 's interpretation as a federal judge . Since President Barack Obama nominated Cadish in February 2012 , the number of vacancies has grown , such that three of Nevada 's seven seats on the federal bench are open . Cadish cited a concern about that situation in herthe ability of Nevadans to get speedy justice , particularly in civil cases . " The Sun wrote about the protracted judicial crisis in the state last month , just after Cadish passed her one-year anniversary of being nominated without having had a hearing in the Senate Judiciary committee . That process was held up because Heller , citing his concern over Cadish 's previous Second Amendment position , would not sign the requisite " blue slip " needed to move Cadish 's nomination forward through the Senate process . Heller said in a statement he supported Cadish 's decision to withdraw . " This has been an unfortunate situation from the very beginning , and I wish Judge Cadish well in her future endeavors , " Heller said . " I look forward to working with Senator Reid so that we can avoid similar situations and move swiftly to confirm future nominees . " In a statement , Reid spoke of his continued admiration for Cadish 's jurisprudential record , and expressed his frustration that the circumstances surrounding her nomination had reached such an impasse" Reid said . " However , I agree with Judge Cadish that with three vacancies on our district court , Nevada is in an urgent situation and continuing this impasse is not beneficial to our citizens who warrant a speedy judicial process . " Reid added that he hoped he and Heller could move together to confirm other qualified nominees in the future . Nevada currently has two other nominees pending before the Senate : Andrew Patrick Gordon , who is expected to receive a confirmation vote soon , and Jennifer A. Dorsey. 
A mass extinction of lizard species is a real possibility in coming decades as a result of climate change , new research from the University of Lincoln has found . Certain lizard species have taken a one-directional evolutionary path that involves them giving live birth rather than laying eggs , this has allowed lizards to live further north than possible if they were laying eggs . But this evolutionary path is apparently ireeversible , once a lizard species has developed it , they lose the ability to go back to laying eggs , which would be necessary for them in a wamer climate . The speed at which climate change is occurring largely precludes many species from simply changing where they live , it 's possibly for some species , but many will very likely go extinct as a result of not being able to extend their range to more appropriate climates . The researchers predict that dozens of lizard species may become extinct within only the next 50 years . It 's been observed all over the globe that lizards with lizards with viviparous reproductionsuch as in skinks ) are doing poorly with regards to changing weather patterns . And the new research shows that is likely their viviparous reproduction , an adaption that has been key to their success in the past , that is limiting their ability to adapt . " Researchers , including academics from the University of Exeter , investigated the hypothesis that historical invasions of cold climates by Liolaemus lizards -- one of the most diverse groups of vertebrates on earth -- have only been possible due to their evolution to viviparity ( live birth ) from oviparity ( laying eggs ) . Remarkably , once these species evolve viviparity , the process is mostly irreversible and they remain restricted to such cold climates . " " By analysing this evolutionary transition in the lizards ' reproductive modes and projecting the future impact of climate change , the scientists discovered that increasing temperatures in the species ' historically cold habitats would result in their areas of distribution being significantly reduced . As a consequence , if global warming continues at the same rate , viviparous lizards are facingauthor , Dr. Daniel Pincheira-Donoso said : " Lizards ' reproduction is largely linked to climatic temperatures and viviparous species are usually found in cold environments . When reptiles initially moved to colder areas they needed to evolve emergency measures to succeed in these harsh places , and we believe viviparity is one of these key measures . However , this transition is mostly one-directional and unlikely to be reversed . Rapid changes in the environment 's temperature would demand rapid re-adaptations to secure the species ' survival . Through the research we found that over the next 50 years nearly half of the area where these species occur may disappear , causing multiple extinctions due to climate change . " The general conclusion of the research is that " although viviparity allowed lizards in the past to invade and adapt to live in cold environments , and was therefore a key trait for evolutionary success , it will now ultimately lead to multiple events of extinction . " Dr Pincheira-Donoso said : " These lizards are one of the most diverse groups of animals , and are ablereduction in cold environments will reduce their areas of existence , which means that their successful evolutionary history may turn into a double-edged sword of adaptation . Their extinctions would be an atrocious loss to biodiversity . " Dr Dave Hodgson , from the University of Exeter , said : " Climate change must not be underestimated as a threat to modern patterns of biodiversity . Our work shows that lizard species which birth live young instead of laying eggs are restricted to cold climates in South America : high in the Andes or towards the South Pole . As the climate warms , we predict that these special lizard species will be forced to move upwards and towards the pole , with an increased risk of extinction . " The new research was just published in the journal Global Ecology and Biogeography . About the Author James Ayre ' s background is predominantly in geopolitics and history , but he has an obsessive interest in pretty much everything . After an early life spent in the Imperial Free City of Dortmund , James followed the riverAstnide . And where he also briefly considered entering the coal mining business . He currently writes for a living , on a broad variety of subjects , ranging from science , to politics , to military history , to renewable energy . You can follow his work on Google+ . Search the IM Network The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only . Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by , and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media , Inc. , its owners , sponsors , affiliates , or subsidiaries . Planetsave is part of the Important Media network of blogs working to make the world a better , greener place . 
This was a few summers ago at the annual Bughouse Square Debates , held by the Newberry Library in the small Washington Square Park across the street and celebrating the bygone era when that park was regularly filled with soapboxes , and atop them an assortment of orators and lunatics . Of course , Durica was n't actually Reitman , the **27;85;TOOLONG of Emma Goldman , the **28;114;TOOLONG and frequent Bughouse Square presence . Reitman died in 1942 . But Durica was doing a fine job of bringing him back to life , in cape , floppy hat , scarflike Windsor tie and dashing manner . Why , I wondered , would such a young man inhabit an all but forgotten character ? " Growing up in Cleveland , I spent a lot of time with my grandparents , who lived on the same block , " he says . " They would regale me with stories of World War II and the Depression , and they had very detailed scrapbooks that made history come alive for me . " Durica earned aof Michigan and came to Chicago in 2005 as a doctoral candidate in the Department of English Language &amp; Literature at the University of Chicago . In 2008 he founded Pocket Guide to Hell Tours ( pocketguidetohell.com ) , its name taken from a not-so-kind 19th century observation about Chicago by visiting British labor leader John Burns . " As I was doing research for my dissertation ( about tramps , hobos and transients in American literature ) , I kept coming upon all of this good material that did n't fit into my academic work , " he says . " I wanted to share what I was learning with the broader public . " His tours quickly morphed into more elaborate historical events . Among them have been re-enactments of the 1915 " Parade of Unemployment " and the 1886 Haymarket Riot ; a " Ben Hecht 's House Party , " celebrating the work of the famous **25;144;TOOLONG ; and a re-creation of the final episode of the early 1950s television program " Studs ' Place . " His latest production is a boldby the corrupt bosses ( i.e. aldermen ) of the 1st Ward , " Bathhouse " John Coughlin and Michael " Hinky Dink " Kenna . It takes place March 17 at the Hideout , 1354 W. Wabansia Ave. , starting at 8 p.m. , and admission is $10 , with all proceeds going to the 20-some performers . I have more than a passing acquaintance with these fellows . My father , Herman , and his collaborator , Lloyd Wendt , wrote the definitive story of the lives and misdeeds of this duo in 1943 's " Lords of the Levee . " " I use that book all the time , " says Durica . " It has great material about many things . " Coughlin and Kenna conceived the First Ward Ball as a way of further stuffing their pockets , already bulging with graft , through imposed ticket and liquor sales . The first ball was held in 1896 , and by 1908 it attracted 20,000 drunken , yelling , brawling revelers to the Coliseum on South Wabash Avenue . The guests slopped upIt was very messy . " I am a bit too tall , but I will try to be suitably taciturn , " he says . For a guy who has been dead since 1946 , Kenna is getting a lot of attention . His name surfaced in recent Mark Brown Sun-Times columns about efforts to close the Ewing Annex Hotel on South Clark Street , once owned by Kenna . And Friday , the Chicago History Museum put on display a " solid gold , diamond-studded alderman 's star " that belonged to Kenna . But , of course , Durica knows all that . In 2011-12 , Durica was a member of the Newberry 's first class of graduate scholars-in-residence . Daniel Greene , the library 's vice president of research and academic programs , says , " What really wowed me as I learned more about Paul 's work is his deep commitment to Chicago history and to communicating history to contemporary audiences in fun and engaging ways . " That kind of says it all . But there is more . <p>of the recently released " Chicago by Day and Night : The Pleasure Seeker 's Guide to the Paris of America . " First published in 1893 , the book was intended for the hordes of tourists pouring into that year 's Columbian Exposition . The original text is great fun on its own , but Durica and Savage enrich the reading experience with a fine introduction and thoughtful , informative notes about such vanished places as the Eden Musee and Palmer Castle and the meaning of " dude town . " When he presents his dissertation and gets his degree in June , Durica hopes to pursue a teaching and writing career , with the city 's history as its foundation and engine . But April 14 , he and his pals will be dipping into the more recent past and bringing back to life " Bozo 's Circus " at The Hideout . There will be a Grand Prize Game and such beloved characters as Cooky , Wizzo and you know who. 
Daily Edition The ABCs of Death : Film Review Directors of horror and suspense films " The Innkeepers , " " V/H/S , " " Down Terrace " and " Hobo With a Shotgun " contribute to this anthology of 26 short films . Perhaps seeking to fill the void between installments of the VHS horror-compilation franchise after picking up the second installment S-VHS at Sundance for release later this year , Magnolia Pictures is offering The ABCs of Death as a potential placeholder through its prolific Magnet Releasing genre label . Stronger in concept than execution , this anthology of short films may initially draw theatrical audiences on the strength of the filmmakers ' credentials , although wider appeal is likely to be garnered with digital formats . Producers Ant Timpson and Drafthouse Films ' Tim League hit on the idea of compiling 26 short films -- one for each letter of the alphabet -- into a feature-length program and showcasing directors from a variety of different countries with projects focusing on death as the central theme . Some admirably recognizable talentsV/H/S contributor Adam Wingard , Down Terrace and Sightseers director Ben Wheatley , recent Sundance breakout director Jorge Michel Grau ( We Are What We Are ) , Timo Tjahjanto ( whose " Safe Haven " short was a disturbingly memorable contribution to the upcoming S-VHS ) and cult favorite Yoshihiro Nishimura of Tokyo Gore Police . Running times vary from just a few minutes to as many as six or seven , forcing the filmmakers to significantly compress their often gruesome narratives . Both the originality and quality of the shorts are equally variable , with the majority coming off as mere genre exercises rather than fully conceived films . Leading off with the first letter of the Roman alphabet , Nacho Vigalondo 's " Apocalypse " is n't nearly as ominous as the title suggests , focusing on a housewife who bloodily dispatches her bedridden husband after unsuccessfully poisoning him for months , impatient for him to meet his demise . With the possible exception of " Dogfight , " Marcel Sarmiento 's gritty take on a cage fighter who battles a vicious dog barehanded , andIguchi , the series does n't really hit its stride until about halfway through , with Tjahjanto 's " Libido . " Strapped down in heavy wooden chairs , two captive men are forced to pleasure themselves for a masked audience while watching various live sex acts , with the second-place finisher summarily and grotesquely executed . Shot in an urgent , feverish style , the wan , desaturated color scheme sharply contrasts with the extremity of the men 's dire predicament . " Nuptials " from Banjong Pisanthanakun , the Thai director of horror film Shutter , injects some welcome humor into the grim proceedings . A young man presents his unimpressed girlfriend with a colorful parakeet as a gift , but when the bird voices her boyfriend 's wedding proposal and he proffers a ring , she interrupts her meal preparation to show her appreciation . The bird , however , has more to reveal , repeating a conversation that apparently took place between the man and his secret lover during a recent tryst , a disclosure that quickly enrages the knife-wielding girlfriend . Pisanthanakun adopts a styleamusing contrast to the rapidly escalating onscreen violence . Among the animated shorts , which include the bizarre " Hydro-Electric Diffusion " and the trifling " Klutz , " Lee Hardcastle 's claymation " Toilet , " about a boy who 's afraid to use the commode lest it devour him , is the most successful , tapping into subconscious fears with a sly sense of humor . Brit filmmaker Wheatley 's " Unearthed , " featuring a crazed mob chasing a vampire through the nighttime countryside from the undead 's point of view , begs for a longer treatment to play out the conflict between the victim and the aggressors . Before ultimately closing with the wildly irreverent horror spoof " Zetsumetsu " from Japanese director Yoshihiro Nishimura , Xavier Gens ' French film " XXL " is as impressive for its social commentary as the blood-soaked special effects . An obese woman makes her way home as she 's publicly ridiculed by passersby at almost every turn . Arriving at her apartment , she immediately begins binging , indiscriminately consuming the contents of her copiously stocked refrigeratorto her abundant flesh , she begins slicing away the fat even as she struggles to maintain consciousness with increasing blood loss . Shooting in a realistic , unflinching style , Gens capably portrays the woman 's desperation to adapt to a cultural norm with a sometimes unrealistic fixation on body image . More erratic than consistently frightful , The ABCs of Death might have benefited from firmer curatorial guidance , but at least it 's laid the groundwork for developing a number of potentially effective feature-length films . 
' Big Brother Canada ' : Behind-The-Scenes At A Live Taping Last Thursday I had the opportunity to attend the taping of a " Big Brother Canada " elimination episode . I ventured out into the scary unknown of the suburbs and joined up with other " Big Brother Canada " fans to see just what goes on in that mysterious studio . Here are some things I observed : 1 . The studio is difficult to find . It 's in the middle of nowhere , out in the vast suburbia of the Greater Toronto Area . When I got off the bus , I wandered around for about 10 minutes , desperately trying to avoid getting lost in a place that appeared to have undergone The Rapture . I finally had to bite the bullet and ask the first stranger I saw for directions , and he looked at me as if my non-threatening exterior was just a fa ? ade hiding a potential axe murderer . 2 . I waited with the die-hard " Big Brother Canada " fans outsidethe studio opened to us . Shout-out to the guy in front of me , who was wearing a nice suit and a bright orange scarf . Bold choice , sir . 3 . The studio holds three sections of chairs -- one of which is partially behind the stage , so I 'm not sure what they were looking at -- at the front of the 11 , 000 sq . ft . " Big Brother Canada " house . A few different textures ( like brick and stucco ) are projected onto the side of the white house to make it look more realistic . The episode we were watching was also projected onto the side . 4 . The chairs are extremely close together . If you do n't like rubbing bums with strangers ( and who does n't ? ) , you probably do n't want to attend a " Big Brother Canada " taping . How do you feel about the first season of " Big Brother Canada " ? 5 . When I walked into the studio , at least fouron . I like to think this is their only task . 6 . At commercial breaks , we had the opportunity to win " Big Brother Canada " merchandise ( shot glasses , beer koozies , and t-shirts ) but as we had to either dance or answer " Big Brother " trivia ( neither of which I can do ) , I refrained . 7 . I did n't anticipate how much applauding there would be . We had to applaud when Arisa entered the studio at the beginning , before and after every commercial break , whenever anyone answered a trivia question correctly , whenever a new person appeared on the stage , and whenever Arisa or the producer asked us how we were feeling or whether we were excited . Have mercy on our hands , BBCan . 8 . People are crazy about " Big Brother . " Some audience members have a seemingly photographic memory for details of every single " Big Brother " episode , from all versions of the show . 9 . Arisa Cox is awesome . Shea lot of TV ( like " Downton Abbey , " " the Walking Dead , " and " the Vampire Diaries " ) . 10 . My audience overwhelmingly thought that Peter would win the whole thing , with Gary a close second . Only four people thought that A.J. would win it all , and they were all members of his family . Poor guy . Tune in to Slice for new episodes on Wednesdays , Thursdays , and Sundays ; " Big Brother After Dark " seven days a week ; or go online for the 24-hour live feed . Close ? " Big Brother Canada " Season 1 Cast of ? ? Toronto socialite with a passion for fashion . A sweet dental hygienist from Scarborough , this gem is single and ready to mingle . This calculating professional YouTuber from New Brunswick approaches everything like a mathematical equation . A self-proclaimed party girl from Fort McMurray who knows how to get what she wants . Quick on his feet , this slick salesmanA small town elementary school teacher from Nova Scotia with a big personality . An adorable and innocent East Coast farm boy with a strong work ethic and a heart of gold . An exotic Persian beauty from Edmonton who 's out to prove there is more to her than what meets the eye . Cocky but lovable , this doctoral student from Vancouver believes his PhD in Social Psychology is his key to the grand prize . Free-spirited and sporty , this tomboy from Toronto loves life and is n't afraid of a little competition . A hopeless romantic and charming down-home East Coaster . A thrill-seeking tanning salon owner from Toronto who works hard and plays even harder . A sweet , smart , super fan from Richmond Hill who plans to do his thesis on " Big Brother . " A loving mama bear from Vancouver with a passion for hip-hop and her community . 
One Fated Knight bags it chic These days , most indie designers start off by selling their wares through Etsy or craft fairs . Then , maybe after a year or so , their label gains enough traction to score a deal with a local retailer -- or two , if they 're lucky . But Jennifer Yau is not most indie designers . This stylish , young firecracker knows how to get products onto shelves . She served 10 years in the wholesale trenches , working for a global denim brand . So by the time she launched her own handbag label , One Fated Knight , it took her less than a season to get her gorgeous leather goods into 30 stores across Canada , including Plenty ( various locations ) , Fine Finds ( 1014 Mainland Street ) , and Riot Clothing ( 1395 Commercial Drive ) . It 's an impressive feat , and one that 's been a long time coming . As the Vancouver native recalls , even though she 'd worked her way up to a fairlyshe had been itching to strike out on her own for quite a while . " After about two years of repping for the same brand , I quickly realized that really was n't my passion after all , " says Yau , who recently sat down with the Straight at an East Van caf ? . " Even when I was living in New York , I was still working for the same brand -- although it was a change of scenery . But it was the same job . Sure , it was a better position and I had more responsibility , but ultimately I lost my creative edge . " It was like 50 shades of blue , " she continues with a laugh before mocking her sales banter of yesteryear . " ' This one has three whiskers here -- so it 's a completely different jean ! Do you want it skinny , straight , or boot cut ? ' " Of course , these days , there 's nothing rote or disingenuous about her sales pitch . She genuinely loves her productare beyond beautiful . The Bishop ( $198 ) , for example , is a classic woven bucket tote that looks like it could come from any era and will only get better with age . The same goes for the Archbishop ( $168 ) , a chic , tasselled hobo that , like most of her designs , comes in cognac or black . The most hipster bag in this collection is the eggshell Count ( $228 ) , a leather backpack with brown suede trim and antique-finished hardware . In addition to creating timeless bags , one of Yau 's main goals with One Fated Knight was to make her pieces relatively affordable without resorting to pleather . Even though designers like Marc Jacobs are a major source of inspiration for Yau , at this point in her life she ca n't justify those kinds of prices . " I know that high-end is very coveted and that it exudes luxury and whatnot , " the designer says . " But I thought that I can still do that within an attainable price point because with thewant to buy stuff , but they 're not buying $1,500 bags -- well , the average person is n't , anyway . I mean , there 's definitely a market for the Chanels , the LVs Louis Vuittons , and all that . But I 'm not going after that market because that 's not someone I relate to yet -- maybe in 10 years , when I 'm making more dough , but right now it 's like , ' Rent or an LV bag ? ' " 
New athletics plans include competitive clubs , national focus and outreach UBC 's new plan for athletics will debut a competitive club category that could bump some varsity teams down in status . The university is testing a new structure for competitive sports that would focus on national-level athletes , varsity competition and a new category of athletic club . This category would accommodate some of the non-varsity teams that currently operate without funding or facility support . The new model is based on Canada Sport For Life 's work on creating a pathway for people to stay active from childhood to old age , according to UBC VP Students Louise Cowin . " We tried to map on various components of what we do to fit within this structure , " she said . " What we want for all students and faculty and staff is to think about engaged individuals in terms of their physical , mental , emotional and social self . " Under the plan , a UBC " sports club " would admit students only , carrysupport , as well as access to athletics facilities in non-peak times . Cowin said any competitive team could be eligible for " sports club " status -- the Wrestling Club , Sailing Club and Quidditch Club would all be in the running . " Say there was a UBC badminton club , which does n't exist right now , that wanted to get a start at UBC . Then they would have access to the REC centre in morning or early afternoon time , " she said . " They would be expected to organize their class schedules to make that possible ... and if that did n't work , they could still get access during prime time , but they would have to pay . " Criteria for what separates a varsity team from a competitive club would be set by the new director of the athletics department . External search consultants Odgers Berndtson are conducting the hiring for the position , and looking to bring in a director by early summer . The director 's first task will be to review varsity sports -- whichexclude some sports that receive the " privilege " of varsity status . Some non-varsity clubs have charged that the process to become a varsity team lacks transparency , a criticism upheld by a 2012 external review of UBC 's athletics department . " Those criteria will be clear , and we 'll have a process , which we do n't have right now in terms of how decisions are made , " Cowin said . " It is possible that some sports that are currently varsity now might not be when we apply some yet-to-be-established criteria to those . " Other types of competitive clubs could include clubs open to staff , faculty and university residents or organized youth academies . Cowin said that UBC 's ultimate frisbee club could fit in the open category . For youth opportunities , Cowin cited the students at University Hill Secondary , which was recently awarded a sports academy status that allows it to allocate time during the day to training , nutrition and sports psychology education . Cowin said UBC academies could give the university a leg up in recruitinglook to form more partnerships with elite national programs . UBC has one such partnership with Swimming Canada , which results in non-student Olympians swimming alongside varsity athletes . She hopes to see sports institutes relocate to campus in order to bring more researchers and expand coaching training in UBC 's kinesiology department . The other major change concerns recreation . UBC REC , which is currently run by Athletics , could find itself working under the umbrella of Student Development , the department that runs things like Imagine Day and the Centre for Student Involvement and Careers . Cowin said the university is looking for new recreational programming that could involve students who do n't visit REC facilities . " Obviously there has to be a deep collaboration and connection , " Cowin said . " There 's a lot of devil in this detail that we have n't even begun to work through yet . It 's just a conceptual model at this time , but we need to get into that nitty-gritty work . " 
How to curb bureaucratic empire-building : Goar Donald Savoie is making politicians and bureaucrats squirm with his latest book , Whatever Happened to the Music Teacher ? It challenges the widely held belief that government should be run like a business . The young Acadian came to Ottawa with impeccable credentials . He was fluently bilingual , had a doctorate from Oxford University and a passion for public service . There was one problem . Donald Savoie did n't seem to understand the bureaucratic culture . He went to his deputy minister early in his career and said he felt there were too many people in the department for the amount of work required . " The reaction was swift , " Savoie recounts . " He proceeded to tell me that I was showing a disturbing level of disloyalty to the department . He pointed out that if I truly felt this way , I should seriously think about leaving . " That might be one of the dumbest pieces of advice ever doled out by a senior government official .Brunswick roots and became a professor at the Universit ? de Moncton where he wrote more than 40 books about politics , public administration and the decline of democracy . He is now an internationally respected scholar with seven honorary degrees and an armload of awards , medals and prizes . He has advised prime ministers , premiers , corporate leaders , the UN and the World Bank . The government of Canada could have had all that talent -- but drove Savoie out . The Moncton author , now in his 66th year , is still making politicians and bureaucrats squirm . His latest book , Whatever Happened to the Music Teacher ? , challenges the widely held belief that government should be run like a business . ( The title -- likely to puzzle non-Maritimers -- came from a conversation Savoie had with a leading Canadian businessman . The Nova Scotia-born magnate had grown up in a small village where the music teacher , a provincial employee , worked alongside the two-person bureau of the Department of Natural Resources . " Today we are told we, " the businessman said . " However , the Department of Natural Resources is now housed in two fine buildings employing 150 people . " ) To Savoie , this anecdote encapsulated what has happened to Canada 's public service over the past 30 years : front-line workers have been sacrificed to make way for offices full of paper-pushers , managers , supervisors and evaluators . " It is ill-conceived , costly and misguided . " The bottom-line doctrine took hold under prime minister Brian Mulroney , who decided the public sector should operate with the same market discipline as private enterprise . His four successors have adhered to it slavishly . It has never worked and it never will , Savoie says . The first problem is that the public sector is not in the business of making money . In the absence of profit-loss statement , it has no way of measuring how well it is doing . So it fabricates yardsticks and backs them up with reams of reports showing how efficient , effective and indispensable it is . The second problem" the process by which industry gets rid of outmoded products and develops new ones . Bureaucrats do n't have the power to pull the plug and politicians seldom do it for fear of offending vested interests . " The problem is not that government is spending more on new things , but that it spends massively on old things . " The closest the public sector comes to creative destruction is when the prime minister takes a good whack at the bureaucracy as Stephen Harper is doing now , Savoie says . But the wrong people get cut and the numbers soon creep back up . When Mulroney took office , 70 per cent of federal employees worked in the field delivering services : settling new immigrants , assisting laid-off workers , running airports , preventing pollution and making sure Canadians got their pensions , passports and baby bonuses . Today the proportion is 57 per cent -- and shrinking . The remedy is obvious , Savoie says with the same clear-sightedness that once scandalized his boss . Figure out what a government department is supposed to doOttawa still wo n't like it , but this time it comes from a man with a global reputation for smart public policy at a time when taxpayers want to know why they pay so many bureaucrats to provide such poor service . 
Here 's the wrap from all eight games of the Sweet 16 round today at the BC senior boys Triple A basketball championships at the Langley Events Centre , INCLUDING Kitsilano 's win over Terry Fox . Keep checking back on this posting for more as the day progresses : LANGLEY -- The South Kamloops Titans have earned their shot at a berth in the Final Four . The Okanagan champions built enough cushion from a 29-18 halftime lead to hold off the chard-charging Belmont Bulldogs in the eighth and final contest of the Sweet 16 dance card . Jacob Adams and Elijah Hillis-Gold , the South Kamloops back court , were solild throughout , especially Adams early and Hillis-Gold late , pair showcasing their ability to muscle their way into the paint with solid handles and an aggressive attacking mentality . Adams finished with a team-high 25 points in the victory , while Hillis-Gold added 19 . Reid Sellars was a constant three-point threat , finishing with 12 points on 4-of-9 shooting from distance . The most unstoppable player on the floor , however ,the field , and finished with a game-high 32 points . Belmont had grabbed the 20th and final berth to the championships when it defeated the Oak Bay Bays in a challenge game following the release of the tournament draw . The Titans face Vancouver 's Kitsilano Blue Demons in the quarterfinals on Thursday ( 3 p.m . ) . WRCA 69 ENVER CREEK 66 ( OT ) LANGLEY -- Third time was almost the charm for Surrey 's Enver Creek Cougars . Despite two previous losses to the crosstown rival White Rock Christian Academy Warriors , the Cougars were looking like a team ready to giant killers , and on Wednesday they almost pulled it off . Enver Creek 's Aaron Nand hit two free throws with 6/10ths of a second remaining in regulation to force overtime , but the Warriors scored the first five points of the extra session , battling and clawing its way to a 69-66 win . " Enver is a great team , they have a lot of length and a lot of weapons , " said WRCA head coach Dale Shury ofthe Surrey RCMP Classic and the Fraser Valley tournament . " I knew we had to play close to our best game to beat them . We did n't , but I ca n't take anything away from the effort that they gave tonight . " The Warriors bolted out to a 23-10 lead , and Enver Creek trailed by as many as 15 points before the Phil Deeks ' -coached squad made a rip-raoring fourth-quarter comeback . Four players -- ( WRCA 's Sam Ykema , Peter Spangehl , Vartan Taneilian , Enver 's Gurkirat Kular , David Ahmad ) -- never left the floor , logging all 45 minutes . Tanielian led the Warriors with 20 points , Spangehl added 19 and 16 rebounds , while Matt Perrin scored 14 . For the Cougars , Kular scored 23 points , Rajan Gill 12 , Nick Jhauj 11 and Ahmad 10 . WRCA faces WJ Mouat in a quarterfinal on Thursday ( 4:45 p.m . ) . KITSILANO 65 TERRY FOX 54 LANGLEY -- Randy Coutts called it a case of first-game-itis . That and a stubborn crew ofDemons scratch and claw for everything they got Wednesday en route to a 65-54 victory and a berth in Thursday 's quarterfinal round . " They did n't go away and they played good on the interior , they did a good job of stopping Luka from getting the ball , " Blue Demons head coach Randy Coutts said of the defending B.C. champion Ravens , who despite heavy off-season graduation losses , did their best to limit the effectiveness of Kits ' blue-chip forward Luka Zaharijevic . " But that said , we looked offensively stagnant with the ball , " continued Coutts . " Our guys , their legs looked heavy and I do n't know if that was the first game of the tournament or what . Hopefully this is a wakeup call for us . " The Blue Demons were set to scout the day 's last game , between Okanagan champion South Kamloops , and Vancouver Island challenge winner Belmont , both surprise entries in the 20-team field . " We 'll be there to scout them out , " said Coutts , whose team hadtwo appearances . " I have no idea of either team . So we 'll put together a game plan and try to get ready . " Thursday 's game was tied 28-28 at the half , and the Ravens , who had three Grade 10 players on the floor down the stretch drive of the game , pulled to within four late before coming up short . Zaharijevic had 19 points , 15 rebounds and five blocks , teammate Noah DeRappard-Yuswack 16 points and 15 rebounds . Tom Campbell added 14 for the winners . The Ravens top two scorers were 10th graders . Guard Liam Hancock had 11 points and nine rebounds , forward Mike West a team-high 15 points . WALNUT GROVE 74 SIR WINSTON CHURCHILL 62 LANGLEY -- They met in the seventh grade at DRIVE basketball academy , and pretty soon afterwards , Jadon Cohee and Mindy Minhas had become fast friends . " He plays the wing and I play the point , " Cohee said of the pair during their spring and summer club seasons . " We 're best friends .for the first time in their high school careers , the pair had to oppose each other , and what unfolded was a showdown of sorts between two of B.C. 's elite Grade 11 talents . In the end , despite a prodigious line score that read 27 points , 16 rebounds and seven assists , the 6-foot-5 guard Minhas and the rest of Vancouver 's Sir Winston Churchill Bulldogs found themselves on the short end of a 74-62 score to Cohee and the rest of Langley 's No. 1-ranked Walnut Grove Gators , who move on to the quarterfinals tonight ( 8:15 p.m. ) against the Burnaby South Rebels . " I am looked upon to score a lot but my whole goal was to shut down Mindy , " admitted Cohee , who nonetheless finished with 21 points , six rebounds and five assists . " He played a hell of a game . Once we 're on the court , the friendship is off . But after 40 minutes , we 're friends again . " Minhas concurred , but was having a hard time with the factdraw was over . " If you 're not first , you 're last , " said Minhas . " I am going to be thinking about this all of next season . But I know we are only going to get better from here . " The Bulldogs played about as perfect a game as could be expected against a Gators team which returned almost all of its talent from the team which lost in last season 's final , sits No. 1 in The Province 's Big 10 rankings , and is coming off a win over White Rock Christian in the Fraser Valley final . " Sometimes you have to win ugly , gritty and we did that today , " said Gators ' head coach George Bergen , whose team led just 68-62 with 2:20 remaining when Churchill guard Andrew Claur drove the baseline for a layin . " They had scouted us fairly well because they did a good job in defensive transition opportunities . But in the second half , we got grittier and we won the battle on the glass . " Jesse MushianaSam Shin scored 15 for the Gators . ST . GEORGE 'S 93 CLAREMONT 80 LANGLEY -- For a guy who is a raw rookie to all the splendour of playing on B.C. basketball 's highest stage , Drew Urquhart does n't shy away from speaking his mind . " The lights are bright here and it was intimidating , but we came out and played hard and aggressive , " Saint George 's 6-foot-7 Grade 11 swingman said after his team advanced to Thursday 's Elite 8 quarterfinals following a 93-80 win over Victoria 's Claremont Spartans . " Today , my shot was falling but I stayed aggressive . " That aggressiveness has come from now winning four sudden-elimination games in its post season , and Urquhart , behind a 26-point , 21-rebound performance , was helping to lead the way . " " I give Drew an eight-out-of-10 , " said Saints ' head coach Bill Disbrow . " I think he was real good , but I think he can be better and I think he will be tomorrow . " Urquhart had a lot of12 rebounds , while guard Deklan Chung scored 21 . The Saints will get all they can handle Thursday from the Yale Lions in the quarterfinals . BURNABY SOUTH 73 SARDIS 69 LANGLEY -- The Burnaby South Rebels spent an entire regular season testing and re-testing their ability to bend but not break . It 's an old clich ? for sure , but one that a young team took to heart , putting it on display over a fourth quarter Wednesday morning that carried them into the quarterfinals here at the B.C. senior boys Triple A basketball championships . " In the last three weeks we have been doing that , playing through for the whole 40 minutes , " said Rebels head coach David Smith after his charges built a 14-point lead near the end of the third quarter , then gave nearly all of it back before re-trenching to stop Chilliwack 's Sardis Falcons 73-69 in the first of eight Sweet 16 matchups at the Langley Events Centre . When South point guard Gino Pagbilao drained a three-point bucket with 1:38 left in the third , Burnabylead and all of the game 's momentum . But a Sardis team , making its school 's first B.C , tourney appearance in the 80-year history of the school , came storming back . And when Falcons ' Grade 11 big man Hayden Lejeune was fouled taking a three-pointer , he was able to step to the line with a chance to pull his team to within 71-70 . Lejeune made the first two , then missed the third . After the Rebels made a free throw to make it 72-69 , Sardis ' Cam Servatius launched a trey that could have tied the score with 5.2 seconds remaining . The Rebels , the Lower Mainland finalists , advance to face the winner a later Wednesday game between Walnut Grove and Sir Winston Churchill in Thursday 's Elite 8 quarterfinals . " That was a good team , and we had to stop the big guy , " Smith said of Sardis ' Lejeune , " so we junked it up on defence and we seemed to stall them a little . Everyone worked hard and we took control of. " Pagbilao finished with 15 points and seven assists , while fellow senior Dejan Posavljak , the 6-foot-6 forward , scored 14 points . Two other Rebels hit double figures , as Martin Bogajev scored 17 and Nick Garcha 13 . Lejeune finished with 17 points and 14 rebounds , while guard Mike Gregory led the Falcons in scoring with 18 points . Jason Kroeker with 11 and Eric Rogers with 10 also hit double figures in the loss for the Falcons . Smith credited the step-by-step focus of the season for making a difference in the level of team that took to the floor Wednesday versus the one that opened the start of the season in late November . " It 's hard to finger one thing , but individually they just got better , " Smith said of his team . " And they understood once the pressure was on , that they had to play together and sacrifice . Earlier in the season that was n't the case . " W.J. MOUAT 74 HANDSWORTH 65 LANGLEY -- Tristan Etienne is getting more and more at hometeam . The talented 6-foot-9 Grade 11forward was at his best Wednesday , shooting 8-of-9 from the field and finishing with 21 points , 18 rebounds and five blocks as the W.J. Mouat Hawks of Abbotsford outlasted North Vancouver 's Handsworth Royals 74-65 . " He struggled a bit in the Fraser Valley championships , and for him it is all about energy and playing as hard as he can , " admitted Mouat head coach Rich Ralston . " There was no doubt today that he came in ready to go . " Handsworth jumped out to a 25-16 lead early , but the Hawks went on a 26-7 run to build a 42-33 lead at the half , then found ways to hunker down and answer each and every Royals push over the second half . " It always helps my confidence when I can come out and help my team get a win , " said Etienne , who still has one more high school season remaining but is starting to hold the attention of collegiate programs . " I am just trying to help us keep movingwe are hoping that we find our peak right here at the end of the season . " Both Etienne and guard Corey Hauck got stronger and stronger as the game progressed . Hauck and fellow point guard Jesse Feenstra each finished with 12 points , while forward Daniel Pawliuk and Mitch Howden each reached double figures on offence as well , with 13 and 10 points respectively . Handsworth swingman Luka Petkovic hit a trio of triple early and finished with a game-high 24 points for the Royals , while point guard Adam Karmali added 12 points and guard Arman Amini added 10 points . The Hawks , a fourth-place finisher at the Fraser Valleys , advance to meet the winner of a later Wednesday game between White Rock Christian Academy and Enver Creek . YALE 95 CALEDONIA 63 LANGLEY -- JJ Pankratz has already got his collegiate basketball future figured out . Jauquin Bennett-Boire has a few years left to figure it , but he 's already playing like a full-fledged senior . That was the story Wednesday in the Sweet 16 round , as the two standouts, as the Lions weathered through a stern push from Terrace 's Caledonia Kermodes to score a 93-65 victory . The Simon Fraser-bound Pankratz scored 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in the victory , while Bennett-Boire , a 6-foor-1 Grade 10 guard , continued to show his remarkably mature game , scoring 21 points , dishing 11 assists and grabbing six rebounds for the winners . Abe Falls , the under-rated frontcourt starter , finished with 13 points and 17 rebounds in the victory , which sends the Fraser Valley 's No. 3 seed into the Elite 8 quarterfinals on Thursday against the winner of the St. George's-Claremont game . The Kermodes , who shot 11-of-29 from the arc , got 21 points from Patrick Kurek , who himself was a mind-numbing 7-of-14 from distance . Reegan Maki and Marcus MacKay each scored 13 points in the loss for the Kermodes . We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts . We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion , so we ask you to avoid personal attacks ,you encounter a comment that is abusive , click the " X " in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse . We are using Facebook commenting . Visit our FAQ page for more information . Head of the Class 2014 Recognizing courage and commitment in high school sports . For details click here . 
A 12-year-old in California has written a letter to a Supreme Court justice , urging him to strike down Proposition 8 , the state-wide ban on equal marriage . Daniel Martinez-Leffew , who was adopted along with his sister , by his dads , wrote the letter to Justice John Roberts urging him to strike down Prop 8 , but saying that he understands it is a " tough decision " . The video , introduced by his father Bryan , who says that Daniel heard that Justice Roberts also has two adopted children and decided , of his own accord , to write a letter to him . He says Daniel and his sister thought : " Hey , his family is just like ours " . He says : " We were adopted when I was five , and my sister was about 12 months old . When I was in foster care , I was told that I was considered ' unadoptable ' because of my Goldenhar Syndrome . " That is a genetic disorder that affects the whole leftEmilio because some people wanted to adopt him but they were n't willing to adopt me because of my medical conditions . Lucky for me , that 's when my two dads came along . " " I recently found out that you , yourself adopted two kids , a boy and a girl , kind of like me and my sister . Family means a lot of different things to f different people . But some people believe you have to have the same blood to be a family . " You and I both know that family goes deeper than blood . I was lucky to be adopted by two guys I can both call dad . They give me and my sister so much love . " My dads really encouraged me to excel in life . Since I want to be a cook , when I grow up , they are letting me take cooking classes . My parents want me to improve , whether its school work , or my social life . " I know you have a tough decision tois just as valuable and worthwhile as any other . It 's especially tough for you , because I know you do n't necessarily believe in gay marriage religiously , but lucky for us , you also do n't believe in taking away a right , even from people like us . " " If Prop 8 is allowed to stand , imagine the pain we would feel knowing that we are not considered equal to everyone else . It 's important that all families are protected and valued . " 
Why Happiness Should Be a Global Priority This Wednesday sees the very first United Nations International Day of Happiness , which is being celebrated around the world on 20 March . This follows a recent resolution adopted by all members of the UN General Assembly calling for happiness to be given a greater priority . So why are people now taking happiness so seriously at national and global levels ? Happiness means the quality of life as each person experiences it . This is a key outcome in itself and is an important measure of success for any country , regardless of the level of economic development . It tells us whether people are leading lives they find satisfying and fulfilling . So information on the causes of happiness helps policy-makers to choose policy goals that serve the real needs of their people . But , in addition , happiness is a major determinant of the other goals that policy-makers care about . Personal resilience predicts educational performance better than IQ does ; and higher wellbeing improves work performance and workers ' earnings .at work , 40% of time off work and 40% of disability . Their overall cost amounts to some 10% of GDP . Greater happiness increases life expectancy ; by contrast depression reduces life expectancy as much as smoking does . So happiness is a major contributor to many of our most important social goals . As a result of 30 years of research , we now know a lot about what affects happiness . The main influences are economic , personal/social and environmental . On the economic front , income is important in every country , and poverty is a major source of unhappiness . But it is not the only thing that matters . In most countries income explains less than 2% of the overall variance in happiness ( the other identifiable factors explain about 20% ) . Across countries , income differences explain about 6% of the differences in average happiness , while social factors explain a great deal more . Work is also vital for happiness and its importance goes well beyond the income which it provides . Education is also important , largely as aTurning to personal/social determinants of happiness , the most important in developed countries is mental health . In these countries it accounts for 40% of all illness ( weighted by severity ) - more than heart disease , cancer , lung disease and diabetes all combined . It is also largely a disease of working age so that it has massive economic consequences , while physical illness is more concentrated in later life . In poorer countries by contrast physical illness has major impacts at every age but mental illness remains an equally important cause of low wellbeing . Another crucial determinant of happiness is the quality of human relationships - above all in the family but also in the community and at work . Secure employment is vital for those who want to work and personal security against violence is vital for everyone . Good governance is essential too - wellbeing studies show the corrosive effect of corruption , and the crucial role of personal freedom and the rule of law . Finally comes the environment . Research shows clearly the importance of today 's environment fordesign , transport systems , and green space . But the environment is also important in a quite different sense , since how we treat the planet today determines the world which future generations will inhabit . So when we are considering happiness and quality of life , we must take into account those future generations as well as our own . The implications of all this evidence are far reaching . Here are six of the most important actions which are required if we want to create a happier society : Mental Health . Evidence-based treatment should be as available for mental illness ( including depression and anxiety disorders ) as it is for physical illness . Economic Policy . Employment is so important that no risks should be taken with economic stability , simply in order to increase economic growth . Communities . Measures to promote economic growth should be accompanied by explicit policies to sustain social cohesion , stable family life , and personal security . Equality . More equal incomes are desirable because extra money improves wellbeing more for the poor thana country increases mutual respect and trust , which are crucial for wellbeing . Schools . Schools should aim explicitly at developing young people who are emotionally resilient and eager to contribute to the social good . Families . Stable families are so important that every society needs its own system of support for couples in conflict . Governments should make the happiness of the people the main outcome which they pursue . As Thomas Jefferson said " The care of human life and happiness ... is the only legitimate object of good government " . That is why there is now a growing demand to include subjective wellbeing in the new post-2015 Sustainable Development Goals . But , perhaps most importantly of all , we need to encourage a more empathic and caring culture , where people care less about what they can get for themselves and more about the happiness of others . This is why I 'm supporting the Day of Happiness , when Action for Happiness is encouraging people everywhere to make a personal pledge to live in a way that contributesmade that our central purpose in life we would have a far happier and more cohesive world . 
You may also like Beyonce has unveiled a brand new song online to tease the upcoming announcement of her fifth studio album . The ' Love On Top ' singer is due to kick off a brand new world tour next month , and posted a teaser snippet called ' Bow Down/I Been On ' on Sunday evening ( 17th March ) to whet fan 's appetites . The newly posted song is fans ' first taste of new music since her 2011 album ' 4 ' , after she took much of 2012 off to start a family with husband Jay-Z , and is believed to feature two songs joined together as a teaser package for her new record . " I took some time to live my life , but do n't think I " m just his little wife , " Beyonce sings during ' Bow Down/I Been On ' . Beyonce also posted some fresh artwork alongside the unveiling of the new song , which features the title ' Bow Down ' in front of a shot ofby awards . Check out the artwork Beyonce posted alongside her brand new song below ( Credit : IAmBeyonce.com ) : 
Richard O'Brien : ' I 'm 70% man ' Rocky Horror Show writer Richard O'Brien thinks of himself as 70% male and 30% female . What exactly does that mean ? Richard O'Brien , writer of hit musical The Rocky Horror Show , delighted in shaking up the conservative sexual attitudes of the 1970s . His most famous creation , Dr Frank N Furter , brought the house down with his song Sweet Transvestite . But the show 's creator was ashamed about his own long-held desire to be more feminine . " I was six-and-a-half and I said to my big brother that I wanted to be the fairy princess when I grew up . The look of disdain on his face made me pull down the shutters . I knew that I should never ever say that out loud again . " For 50 years , O'Brien repressed the feeling . But " you ca n't just put the lid on things and pretend that they do n't exist " , he says . I believe myself probablySo a decade ago , he started taking the female hormone oestrogen - and is happy with the results . " It takes the edge off the masculine , testosterone-driven side of me and I like that very much . I think I 've become a nicer person in some ways , slightly softer . For the first time in my life , I 've started to put on a little bit of weight , which I like . " He has also developed small breasts . But O'Brien is not intending to go further and have sex reassignment surgery . " I do n't want to pretend to be something that I 'm not . Anton Rodgers , the actor , said ' you 're the third sex ' . And I thought that 's quite nice . I quite like that position . " It 's my belief that we are on a continuum between male and female . There are people who are hardwired male and there are people who are hardwired female , but most of us are on that continuum and Ifemale . " O'Brien 's idea of a gender spectrum may sound far-fetched to many , but there is scientific research that backs up his position . Cambridge University psychology professor Melissa Hines says there are not two distinct sexes , male and female . There are many dimensions of gender and an individual person can be in a different position in terms of how masculine or feminine they areProf Melissa Hines " I think that the research in this field suggests just the opposite . That there is not a gender binary , that there 's a range of gender , and there are many dimensions of gender and an individual person can be in a different position in terms of how masculine or feminine they are on each of these dimensions . " Professor Dinesh Bhugra , of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London , offers a different view - suggesting that while people may feel not entirely male , or female , the reality is that they are born one or the other . " The distinction has to bea social construct , sex is biological . " My guess would be that social notions of gender dictate how we behave . " So , how can one explain the feeling experienced by some transgendered people of having been born into the wrong body and wanting to switch sex ? It has been observed that the brains of male-to-female transsexuals resemble female brains in one region central to sexual behaviour . But it is not clear that this is a cause of transgenderism , rather than an effect . Find out more Listen to the full report on Analysis on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 18 March , 20:30 GMT and Sunday , at 21:30 GMT . Hines thinks the male hormone , testosterone , may have a part to play . She has noticed that girls who have been exposed to unusually high levels in the womb tend to prefer stereotypical " boys ' toys " like trucks . And they are more likely than other girls to grow up wanting to live as men . The UK 's main gender identityreferrals last year . There they are assessed by psychiatrists who will help them adjust to their preferred gender role . After two years of living as the opposite sex in the UK , you can apply for a gender recognition certificate , which allows you to change your birth certificate . To qualify , there is no obligation to have changed your body in any way through hormones or surgery . That means you can officially be a woman with a man 's body , or vice versa . Stephen Whittle , professor of equalities law at Manchester Metropolitan University , realised as a 10-year-old that he did n't feel right as a girl . " It was school races day and there were girls ' races and boys ' races . It was my light on the road to Damascus - this sudden realisation that I was always going to be in the wrong race . " Image caption Stephen Whittle campaigns for transgender rights At 17 , he started the process of changing sex . Surgery has left him with whatconsiders himself straightforwardly a man . This is typical , says James Barrett , lead clinician at the Charing Cross National Gender Identity Clinic . Most of his patients identify as a man or a woman , rather than somewhere in between . " People who are seeking drastic surgical or hormonal treatment because they wish to live in a socially ambiguous gender role ... are thought about really carefully . The concern is that one does n't want to do anything that 's irreversible and then have them in a position where they 're not happy . " The problem is , says Dr Barrett , they have to fit in to a society that that thinks in terms of just two sexes . " It may well be that biological findings report that , in fact , everybody 's on a spectrum . It 's just that the way society works , most people do n't think of themselves as on any kind of a spectrum at all . " The same is probably true of sexual orientation . Most people do n't describeactually , practically speaking , it very much is . " Some transgender people do not choose to change their bodies completely , however . This can lead to complicated situations , such as people who choose to live as women - but who have male genitalia - being sent to jail for sexual offences . Should they be imprisoned alongside men or women ? Image caption Official documents typically ask if the respondent is " male " or " female " The law is clear that such a woman should go to a women 's prison , says lawyer and former MP , Lord Carlile . He was the first to raise the issue of transgenderism in Parliament in the 1990s . " If somebody goes into a court and is accused and their original name was ' John Smith ' and they choose to call themselves ' Jane Smith ' they will be tried as ' Jane Smith ' . I do n't see why what a court recognises should not also be recognised by the prison service . " Awkward though itas challenging and difficult . " According to Whittle , the UK is gradually removing the requirements for people to declare whether they 're a man or a woman . It has already happened with laws as diverse as the Sexual Offences Act and the Road Traffic Act . He thinks the UK will follow Australia and Spain in doing away with the need to tick a box on your passport stating if you are male or female . Which box does Richard O'Brien tick ? " I tick the M , " he says . " But I would quite like to have Other to tick . " Listen to the full report on Analysis on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 18 March , 20:30 GMT and Sunday , at 21:30 GMT . 
Mar 22 , Colombo : Sri Lanka plans to increase the production of ethanol in the country to reduce the amount of ethanol imported for the manufacture of alcohol and pharmaceuticals . The cabinet of ministers has approved a proposal put forward by the President in his capacity as the Minister of Finance and Planning to submit a gazette notification to Parliament under the Imports and Exports ( Control ) Act for approval to increase production and reduce imports of ethanol . The government says following the take-over of the Pelawatte Sugar Industries and Sevenagala Sugar Industries by the government , the production of sugar and sugar related products such as ethanol has increased . Sri Lanka earlier this month banned ethanol imports since the country has an excess production of ethanol and also due to the decline of demand for locally produced ethanol . The government in 2011 acquired the privately-owned Pelawatte and Sevenagala sugar factories that were not performing up to government 's expectations under the Expropriation Act enacted in November 2011. 
A majority of graduates from National University of Singapore , Nanyang Technological University and Singapore Management University have managed to find employment within six months of graduating . This is according to results from the first joint graduate employment survey conducted by the three universities which surveyed a total of 9,668 full-time , fresh graduates . As of Nov 1 last year , 91 per cent of graduates managed to secure a job , with 85.6 per cent of them employed in full-time permanent jobs . The median gross monthly salary among fresh graduates employed in full-time permanent employment was $3,050 , while the average gross monthly salary was $3,260 . Details of the survey findings can be found at **39;446;TOOLONG Follow ST The Straits Times We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused . Until we resolve the issues , subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles . But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. 
During Sony 's " See The Future " PS4 event , Blizzard revealed that Diablo III is coming to PlayStation 3 . Now we get our first look at the console port 's in-game footage with a brand new game play trailer . Blizzard Entertainment has just released a brand new trailer for the console port of Diablo III , giving gamers a brief look at actual in-game footage that shows off fluid combat as well as the game 's interfaces . The upcoming console port of Diablo III is planned to feature most of the same elements of its PC counterpart , including the same classes , enemies , levels and acts , etc . Blizzard plans to bring the full extent of hack-and-slash action RPG to the PlayStation 3 , including online multiplayer via the PlayStation Network and local split-screen play . This wo n't be the first Diablo game that 's made its way onto the PlayStation console ; back in 1996 Blizzard North released the first Diablo game onto the original PlayStation as an exact port of the PC versionversions differ -- if at all -- and how Blizzard adapts a traditional point-and-click dungeon crawler into a fully functional console release . There have also been other titles of this nature released onto consoles : Runic Games released the original Torchlight action RPG onto Xbox LIVE as an Arcade title , and it worked quite well . The PS3 port aims to bring the full Diablo III experience to your living room in the comfort of your couch , and based on the fluidity of the game play footage in the new trailer , they may very well pull it off . Everything from combat to inventory and item mechanics is featured within the trailer , giving a nice if not brief look at the upcoming release . Additionally it will be interesting to see if the PS3 version features cross-over play with PC gamers , and if the current and future patches will be represented in the game . Much of the game 's core constituency has been divided on many aspects of the game -- including the prospect of paying real money in the-- and with the new PS3 version in the works Blizzard has opened up new doors for console gamers ... something that avid fans of the series may have mixed feelings about . In any case , it will be interesting to see if the RMAH is implemented in the PS3 version , if cross-over play is featured , and what bugs ( if any ) will arise . Many longtime Diablo gamers will remember the dupe glitch in the original PlayStation version . However , Blizzard is notorious for nerfing many features of its games so it most likely wo n't last . Information on a release date has yet to be revealed , but we 'll keep you updated once it 's announced . For more information on the PS3 version of Diablo III please visit the game 's official website. 
Latest round of layoffs at T-Mobile draws static Originally published March 28 , 2013 at 8:17 pm Updated March 29 , 2013 at 6:15 am T-Mobile USA ended its silence around layoffs at its Bellevue headquarters on Thursday , as hundreds of employees lost their jobs . Between 200 and 300 employees in the company 's operations group were laid off , ranging from administrative assistants to senior vice presidents . That 's in addition to a layoff of 100 employees in the marketing department earlier this month . While the cuts were not unexpected , employees said they received little communication from the company about the situation , with some taking issue with how the layoffs were carried out . In a prepared statement , T-Mobile noted that in New York on Tuesday it announced a new business strategy aimed at reducing costs and complexity for consumers . " As a result , we are making some operational changes to better align our business with our new strategy and position T-Mobile for growth , " the statement said . "overall size of the business , and while we do n't take these actions lightly , these adjustments to how we invest in the business will enable us to better focus our resources as we implement this strategy . " T-Mobile is the nation 's fourth-largest wireless carrier and the largest wireless company still based in the Seattle area , an area that spawned the modern wireless industry in the 1980s when McCaw Cellular established a national network . Last year , T-Mobile had about 4,800 employees at its Bellevue headquarters and 36,000 nationally . The layoffs come as T-Mobile is preparing to go public after it merges with Dallas-based MetroPCS in a deal that shareholders are voting on April 12 . " They definitely are whittling down to the leanest organization they can survive with , " said Michele Clark , a seven-year veteran of the company , who was working as an executive assistant in the operations group when she was laid off Thursday . Another affected employee said people had been anticipating the cuts in part because the human-resources group had reserved conferencethe list when she received an electronic calendar invitation to meet with a supervisor . The invitation came after the employee and others on the team worked over the weekend to prepare for the new service plans launched Tuesday . " You have a half an hour to do whatever you need to do then give your badge and leave , " the employee said . " I 've never dealt with anything so unprofessional . " Remaining employees are seeing other cost-cutting moves , from the loss of free beverages to the mysterious removal of office clocks . A person with knowledge of the situation said the clocks were removed because the T-Mobile buildings ' centralized clock system was broken and the firm that built and serviced the system is out of business . Layoffs and uncertainty have prompted a number of T-Mobile employees to pursue jobs at AT&amp;T , which has had a large presence in the area since it acquired McCaw in 1994 . In Redmond , AT&amp;T manages operations in the Western U.S. and performs engineering and testing . It has 4,592 employees infolks making inquiries here for some of our openings , " said Fred Devereux , president of AT&amp;T 's West region . " We encourage it . " T-Mobile has n't been saying much internally about rumors over the past couple of weeks that layoffs were imminent , according to the employee who was laid off this morning : " The only communication that we got about this was rumors , " the employee said . Meanwhile , the employee is fuming over handling of the layoffs and how it contrasts with the value and mission statements posted around headquarters in Factoria . " l look at the values that are printed on every poster on every wall -- ' go big , stay scrappy , ' ' integrity and respect guide our decisions , ' ' best place to perform and grow ' -- I just want to go around the building with a Sharpie and go ' this one does n't apply , this one does n't apply , " the employee said . Brier Dudley : 206-515-5687 or bdudley@seattletimes.com . Brier DudleyBrier Dudley joined the editorial board after 14 years covering Microsoft and the technology industry , including nine years writing a technology column on the business page . A third-generation Seattleite , he received a bachelor 's degree in English from Whitman College and studied film production in Italy before starting a career in newspapers . He has won numerous journalism awards and several oyster-eating competitions . 
Worst Company In America Round 2 : Bank Of America Vs . Chase March 28 , 2013 It 's time for Banker Battle 2013 , as these two Wall Street Warriors take a break from trading toxic securities in order to trade some deadly blows to the head . After two consecutive failed shots at the WCIA title , will Bank of America finally take home a Golden Poo to match the two second-place silver turds we assume grace the BofA corporate trophy case alongside an inter-bank softball league Certificate of Participation ? If so , BofA will have to get through a whale of a competitor in Chase ( or JPMorgan Chase if you 're not into the whole brevity thing ) , and it will probably need a better showing than its **25;0;TOOLONG victory over Capital One in the first round . 
Inside the NBA 's New Style Wars The rivalry among the NBA 's elite has spilled off the court and into an arena where athletes have historically feared to tread : high fashion . Players show up for games wearing leather pants , lensless glasses , and printed silk shirts -- and that 's just Russell Westbrook . GQ 's Steve Marsh spent a week trailing basketball 's biggest names -- Kevin Durant , Kobe , D-Wade , LeBron -- to find out how they 're turning the league into a runway for the world 's tallest peacocks The moment Russell Westbrook steps off the bus in Denver for the Oklahoma City Thunder 's game against the Nuggets , you get the feeling that something insane is going to happen tonight . He 's wearing red leather motorcycle pants , a Superdry bomber jacket , black Doc Martens with the laces undone , and his trademark superfluous eyeglasses . A meager runway gallery awaits him -- just a few security guards , OKC 's team photographer , and me -- but he still disembarks with" pinstriped spinnaker on draft night " to " pure line cut slim enough to make Beckham look like a slob , " Russ is a radical : His style is a punk provocation , a sartorial troll , and most crucially a full-on style , not just a series of outr ? outfits that no other player has the guts to wear . He 's swinging a leather Dopp kit with his right arm in a repetitive motion that could only be described as swag -- young , black , and Oi ! -- and generally looking like he 's striding out of Malcolm McLaren 's London SEX shop in 1976 . Every element of hiscostume is an extension of the identity he projects : part worldly NBA superstar , part suedehead hooligan . A few hours later , in what NBA bloggers now refer to as " the queso incident , " Westbrook lives up to his look . It all starts during a time-out when Rocky the Mountain Lion , the Nuggets ' plushy yellow mascot , heaves up a perfect-looking half-court shot . If he makesside of queso from Qdoba . But as the ball slo-mos toward the rim , Westbrook races over , leaps up , and pulls a supervillain move , intercepting it and inspiring the most scornful cascade of boos I 've ever heard . Westbrook 's style-provocateur act has already become renowned in the NBA , because he stars on one of the league 's two best teams , appears regularly on nationally televised games -- where coverage of that short catwalk from the bus to the locker room is de rigueur -- and is expected to return to the NBA 's fashion week , the Finals , in June . But he is only one point of light in the league 's new style-savvy firmament , just one Instagram account in a sea of vanity-mirrored baller selfies . After all , the Thunder are merely watching the Heat 's ( bespoke-tailored ) throne . While Kobe Bryant can stand outside the Lakers locker room and proclaim to me , " I 'm the Valentino of the NBA , " as he explains that he 's leaving " the preppy-hipster lookThree -- LeBron James , Dwyane Wade , Chris Bosh -- can not relax . Not in a league where Amar'e Stoudemire can be found posting up in the front row of the Lanvin show at Paris fashion week , where Rajon Rondo 's retinue is trying to persuade Givenchy to pour a custom mold exclusively for his size 13 feet , where Steve Nash can pull the faux-disaffected Clooney , brushing off my questions about his style with an " I do n't take it that seriously " while going Gatsby ( that 's Kobe 's nickname for him ) in a suit from a Canadian made-to-order Internet clothier that he has a financial stake in . A few days later , Westbrook 's publicist tells me that within certain rarefied fashion circles , RW is known as " the Kate Moss of the NBA . " Evidently somebody at Vogue wrote this to her in an e-mail . When I ask Russ how he feels about being compared to a female British supermodel famous for making heroin chic and saying things like " Nothing tastes as good aswith it . " It 's a little different , " he says . " But I think it got said because some people are not afraid to do certain things or wear certain stuff . You have to have a certain swagger about you . " Even Westbrook has his limits , of course -- Kanye 's infamous leather kilt , for instance . Though in his next breath Russ allows that he 'd " be open to it if it were a slimmer fit . " The NBA has had fashion moments before -- Clyde Frazier wearing his wide-brimmed Borsalino on the cover of Esquire , the introduction of the Air Jordan in the mid- ' 80s , Allen Iverson bringing cornrows , baggy jeans , and garish jewelry from the hood to the hardwood in the late ' 90s -- but the sine waves of high fashion and locker-room style have never synced up quite like they do right now . More than in any other sport , basketball showcases the individual ; we can see each player 's tics and idiosyncrasies when he 's on thewho we think he is . And at least as far back as Frazier , no sport has been more enmeshed in the allure of black culture and style . But recently , whether it 's sparked by the explosion of social media or the imposition of David Stern 's corporate-friendly dress code , or whether it 's just the logical outcome of the ongoing gene splice of NBA superstars to multinational apparel companies , the players are more self-aware than ever , more cognizant that personal style is a prerequisite for personal brand . Whether they actually love fashion or not , they understand the need to be perceived as style leaders , at least of some kind , in order to maximize their shoe-company contracts . Consider the OKC Thunder . When they 're in uniform , Westbrook and his All-NBA teammate , forward Kevin Durant , are the league 's youngest , most exciting Batman-and-Robin act ; in street clothes -- the term feels nearly archaic -- they are two opposite fronts in the NBA 's escalating style wars . If Westbrook is the NBA 's KateMiddleton -- aristocratic and punctilious . Whereas Westbrook invites regular hazing from Charles Barkley and three-quarters of Twitter for dressing like a badass Ziggy Stardust in glammy Neil Barrett silver-leather shirts and Givenchy hoodies , Durant keeps it on the Take Ivy tip , seldom venturing far from the prepped-up hipster look favored around the league of late , pairing his Air Jordans or AF1s with various combos of custom-tailored cardigan , collared shirt , and corduroys . He 's running for president , not leading an insurgency . Compared to the NBA 's established style kings , Durant is still on the climb , newly intrigued , still searching for his look . " I always wanted to be fly , " he tells me outside a Barneys in Santa Monica , where he ca n't find one piece of off-the-rack clothing to fit his super-elongated limbs . " I always put stuff together , " he says . " But it was hard for me to find clothes , since I was so tall , my feet were so big , my arms were so long . "biggest barrier : Not one designer in the industry -- not one -- is thinking six feet nine , 235 , with a plus wingspan when determining next season 's look . Another is functionality : NBA players sweat for a living . They 're most comfortable in workout clothes , because that 's where they live . Until last season , Durant was that guy . Then he was approached after a game by Regi Puckett , an enterprising stylist in Chicago , who told him he could push his look beyond the schoolboy **30;54;TOOLONG gimmick he made famous during the previous year 's playoffs . Now Durant can screen-grab a picture of a peacoat or a pair of slacks that he sees in a magazine or a blog and send it to Puckett , who will get the piece constructed to Durantula proportions . Westbrook , on the other hand , is normal-human-sized ( he 's six feet three ) and can buy straight off the rack . He 's loved shopping since his mother brought him to downtown L.A. 's fashion alley as a little kid .after working out , I 'll find some shops and go check it out and see if they have some new stuff . See what 's good . I go to Barneys ; I go to Gucci , Louis , YSL . I go everywhere -- Rodeo Drive , Vivienne Westwood , Marc Jacobs , Joyrich . I 'm all around . " He 's found friends within the haute couture scene , tagging along with Vogue 's Andr ? Leon Talley during New York 's Fashion Week last fall . " ALT 's not really into sports , " he says , " but we were able to conversate about the history of fashion , and I was able to get his perspective on the shows and how the fabrics and the clothes fit on the different girls and guys . " Westbrook is especially proud that , unlike his peers around the league , he 's never hired a stylist . So proud , in fact , that he 's hired a publicist to trumpet the fact that he 's never hired a stylist . " I knowI know people that can get me clothes , " he says . " But it 's not like I have somebody that comes to pick out my outfits . " The surest sign that Westbrook has crossed over as a style icon is the venom he inspires . When I ask Puckett who the most stylish man in the NBA is , he insinuates that it 's Kevin and takes a playful jab at Russ in the process . " I 'll say he shares a locker room with the guy that has the most people talking about what he 's wearing . " Durant immediately defuses style-rivalry talk . " When I look in the mirror and I feel good about myself , that 's the only person I 'm trying to impress . " Later , when I talk to Westbrook , he does n't rise to the bait , either , but it 's clear where he rates in his own mind . I tell him Durant admitted to me that he tunes up his look when he 's in a big city like Loshis hometown ? " Nah , " he says , dismissively . " I dress up everywhere . " Time-wave zero for the modern era of NBA style is 2005 , when the league adopted its new dress code . Vague enough in its language -- dress slacks or dress jeans , dress shoes or dress boots ; collared shirt on the way into the locker room ; no chains , pendants , or medallions worn over clothes ; no hats , etc. -- it was strictly enforced upon introduction . You may recall some controversy . There were cries of racism , complaints that the league was cracking down on hip-hop fashions in deference to squirrelly corporate sponsors . The architect of the code , NBA commissioner David Stern , has always dismissed that idea . " Our guys were photographed coming into buildings looking like they were going to a day at the beach , " he explained to me . What no one disputes , Stern included , is that a cottage industry bloomed in the code 's wake . At this moment in 2013, a six-foot-seven bespoke tailor with a showroom in downtown Los Angeles ( his clients for suits and separates include Blake Griffin , Chris Bosh , Amar'e Stoudemire , and Tyson Chandler ) , to Laure Heriard Dubreuil , a well-connected French owner of a 20,000-square-foot multi-luxury-brand boutique in Miami Beach called The Webster , to the woman who has elevated the league 's sartorial game higher than anybody else , the Harlem-based stylist Rachel Johnson , a former Essenceassistant who went on to do video shoots for Jay-Z and N.E.R.D. before landing big-name NBA clients like LeBron James . This network cajoles American and European designers into expanding the top end of their size runs -- Dubreuil has successfully lobbied Givenchy to offer menswear sizes up to 62 -- and ensures that the players get dibs on items from seasonal lines . ( Just before New York 's spring Fashion Week , I accompanied Johnson on a mission to Calvin Klein 's midtown showroom to pull olood blazers for Stoudemire ; STAT 's measurements are then sent to Milan , where the jackets are sewn to his size )that an NBA player can help " masculinize " their clothes . " Anybody with any insight understands a &amp;#x2018 ; real guy ' looks to an athlete before he looks to a waify model , " she says , " or even an actor . " Stern freely admits he never saw this coming , and then goes on to imply that he kinda saw this coming . Right after the code was instituted , " a lot of players would whisper to me , I do n't know what the fuss is about . Let 's go ! There was a sense that this allowed players to express their sense of style . Our players , individually , took it as a catalyst to show themselves off . And suddenly the response from the public was so overwhelmingly positive that , you know , it 's getting to be like the red carpet at the Grammys . Who 's dressing you tonight ? Armani . Now they are among the best-looking , best-shaped models in the world . " When I first hook up with the Miamithe Oracle in Oakland , where they 've just knocked off the Golden State Warriors . LeBron scored the 20,000th point of his career tonight , making him the youngest ever to reach this milestone , and the media scrum around his locker has hardened into a callus . Across the room from Bron , Chris Bosh is in one corner , already dressed in a light fern , unbelievably slim custom Waraire Boswell suit and a " CB " tie bar , with a hardcover of Laura Hillenbrand 's Unbroken visible from his unzipped black Parabellum bag . Dwyane Wade is pulling on a pair of electric-blue Scotch &amp; Soda trousers , which he hikes up to showcase his multicolored hosiery as he hollers , " You need to raise your sock game , " in Ray Allen 's direction . This kind of style smack is constant in the Miami locker room , says veteran swingman Shane Battier -- so constant that " it 's when they stop talking about you that you know you 're in trouble . " Battier , who limits his own aspirations towith jeans ) , says that the pressure on Miami 's Big Three to dress well every day can be too much for even the most tasteful global icon . " LeBron falters occasionally , " Battier declares . " And when he does , we let him know about it . " Bosh , who also works with Rachel Johnson , tells me that while he and Bron " like to be stylish and comfortable , " he thinks Wade is more willing to suffer for fashion . Wade agrees . " I take more risks , knowing there are going to be jokes , " he says . " Chris does n't take many risks -- he dresses very nice , but he keeps it simple . " Perhaps Wade 's most famous risk to date is the pink-chocolate-yellow patent leather Louboutins he wore to the White House on January 28 for the Heat 's traditional **26;86;TOOLONG photo op with President Obama . Wade admits he was nervous about wearing the sneakers on such an official state visit and had to be nudged by his stylist ,'s former assistant ) . " I 'm always more nervous than her , because I 'm the one who has to put this stuff on , " he says . " This is my second time going to the White House as a champion . This time I decided on the gray suit . I knew everybody was going to go with something dark , so I wanted to do something different . And I had the gray-white-and-black shoes out that went with the suit , and then there was the pink pair . So we sat and thought about it : &amp;#x2018 ; Okay , I can go with the gray-white-and-black ones , but that 's typical , and I do n't do typical all the time , so let 's do something a little different . ' And it worked ! " At the ceremony in the East Room -- and apologies in advance for the logrolling , especially since **32;114;TOOLONG logrolling is the worst kind , but I have to do it , if only for the benefit of the archivists -- Obama said theand soul of this team , continue to do whatever it takes to win , including leading the team in blocks , and at the postgame press conferences he dressed well enough to land himself in GQ magazine . " The president then turned away from the podium and , in a scene reminiscent of Lyndon Johnson 's CGI 'd bemusement with Forrest Gump 's bare ass , called out , " Show ' em your kicks here , Dwyane . " Satisfied , Obama turned back to the crowd . " If any of you can pull this off other than Dwyane Wade , let me know . " " Fashion is fun to me , " Wade tells me later . " I feel like the way that I dress says a lot about my personality . A lot of people will not get a chance to talk to me , but when they look at me , they can get an idea of who Dwyane Wade is . " While the Heat are in D.C. hanging with the president , I pay a visit to Johnsoninspiration board . " On the wall behind her desk is a black pinboard with a collage of looks from fashion magazines cut and pasted underneath each one of her famous clients . It all feels so imperial -- courtiers of the court ! Can you imagine Magic or Larry ever having an inspiration board ? But Johnson has a specific trajectory in mind for LeBron and Bosh for the second half of the season . She wants to continue putting distance between them and the preppy look that David Stern affectionately refers to as " nerdwear . " Wade and Barnett , meanwhile , have their own plan for the spring : draining the color from Wade 's look and focusing on texture and silhouette , partly to showcase Wade 's " maturity " and partly as a cross-promotion for the Chinese shoe company Wade promotes , Li-Ning , whose spring line is the Black Collection . When I reconnect with the Heat in Brooklyn two nights after their White House trip , it 's the team 's first-ever visit to the Barclays Center , two weeks before thebeaver-fur bomber hat -- his teammates are calling him " the Black Russian " -- and a dark green motorcycle jacket by the young British designer Adrien Sauvage . Wade is not quite in Westbrook territory -- he loves clothes but hates to shop . " My stylist has done an unbelievable job of opening my mind , " he says . " Without her I would be behind the curve . She helps me be in the now and in the future . " After the game , a blowout win for the Heat , the visitors locker room is predictably jam-packed . There 's a GQ photographer in here , and plans for a show-offy shot are being hatched , but D-Wade has to shout across the locker room at LeBron to be heard over this din : " HEY , WE GON NA DO THIS PICTURE ? " LeBron looks confused amid all the commotion . He shouts back , " I DU N NO . YOU GON NA DO IT ? " They decide to do something unusual : They walk out together , sharingthe one he wore coming into the arena . It 's dressier . This time it 's an A.P.C . peacoat over a crisp white shirt and tie . He has a black watchman 's cap tilted on his head . Wade is still rocking the Black Russian . The two of them are flanked by security guards who are mean-mugging through the phalanx of lingerers in the Barclays loading dock . LeBron and Wade get caught in an eddy against a wall , where they smile and say hello to a pair of female fans . The photographer is told to stop shooting , because nobody wants this to look weird . But we 're running out of catwalk . Finally , the girls leave . Resources Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement ( effective 1/4/2014 ) and Privacy Policy ( effective 1/4/2014 ) . The material on this site may not be reproduced , distributed , transmitted , cached or otherwise used , except with prior written permission of Cond ? Nast. 
The Good Listener : The Power Of Pulling The Plug Bon Iver 's Justin Vernon in 2009 , after the release of his mostly acoustic debut album , but before the group 's second album , which includes the ' 80s-inspired saxophone jam " Beth/Rest . " ( Yes , we noticed that his guitar is plugged in . ) Shawn Brackbill/Corbis hide caption toggle caption Shawn Brackbill/Corbis Bon Iver 's Justin Vernon in 2009 , after the release of his mostly acoustic debut album , but before the group 's second album , which includes the ' 80s-inspired saxophone jam " Beth/Rest . " ( Yes , we noticed that his guitar is plugged in . ) Shawn Brackbill/Corbis We get a lot of mail at NPR Music , and amid the Penzey 's spice catalogs we will never open is a slew of smart questions about how music fits into our lives -- and , this week , why " unplugged " versions of songs are so often preferable to their more fussed-over studio counterparts . Phil Kingston writesre-released acoustic version of the Steve McQueen album , and it sounds better than the original . Which prompts the question : Why do unplugged recordings work ? Did the first production choices not get it right ? Why does stripping down a song make it feel more authentic , deeper , etc. ? " For starters , you use an important word in your question : " authentic . " As music listeners , we 've all got a few cynical synapses that fire when we sense we 're being tricked -- think , especially recently , of the goosing of vocals via Auto-Tune . No matter how much we know about the process by which a record was made , it 's easy to shrug off a song 's sound when we can hear the sweeteners and the heavy hands of studio Frankensteins well-versed in turning marginal talents into slick superstars . When Adele strolled in to the NPR Music offices a few years ago to perform a three-song Tiny Desk Concert on the eve of 21 's release , her band did n't exactly play "her voice rang out without amplification . No filters , no microphone , no AutoTune , no way to mistake her for anything but the powerhouse captured on her records . Every inflection , every emotion rang out without assistance ; everyone I talked to afterward was like , " No Auto-Tune there ! " Credit : NPR Truly " unplugged , " unamplified performances serve the same purpose . They strip away what we see as smoke and mirrors to reveal a lot of essences -- the essence of a voice , the essence of a melody , the essence of a song 's sturdiness and versatility -- while also applying a veneer of timelessness . Production techniques come and go , from the electric pianos and saxophones of so much ' 80s music to the overtly employed sweeteners that have turned up in a lot of pop music in the past decade . Love those techniques or hate them , they tend to cement a song 's place in a very specific era of popular music -- which is why , when Bon Iver dressed its' 80s signifiers , so many fans recoiled . Our brains move on from outdated sounds in ways that make them seem jarring when we revisit records years and especially decades later . YouTube When bands unplug -- particularly when everything is boiled down to a voice and a guitar -- those performances are rendered largely immune to obsolescence . Johnny Cash 's voice-and-guitar masterpiece American Recordings followed a fallow period in which Cash released a string of sterile studio recordings , but when that first Rick Rubin-produced album came out in 1994 , it could have come from virtually any era . Cash 's weather-beaten voice obviously boomed out of a specific time in his life , and many of the songs were of recent vintage , but nothing else on American Recordings was tethered to any era . YouTube In music , as in many fields that lean on technology , today 's multidimensional state of the art is tomorrow 's tinny kitsch . By stripping down to the most elemental , time-tested building blocks -- a voice and a few strings , or maybeand modern . After all , by its very definition , timelessness includes today . Got a music-related question you want answered ? Leave it in the comments , drop us an email at allsongs@npr.org or tweet @allsongs . All Songs Considered is home to the best new music and a community of fans always ready to share their opinions on the current music scene . You can contact hosts Bob Boilen and Robin Hilton ( and the team ) directly via our contact form . To submit your music , just email us a link to your favorite original song . ( Please do not attach mp3s to emails ) . 
' The Real Housewives Of New York City ' : Who 's Returning &amp; Who 's Not The ' Real Housewives of New York City ' is returning for a sixth season on Bravo ! However , not all of the former cast members made the cut this time around . Who is back for the new season ? Read on to find out ! RHONY is back ! Picked up for a sixth season , RHONY will be featuring a cast shakeup this season ! Only a few former members have been asked to return ! ' The Real Housewives of New York City ' Cast Revealed Out of the six main cast members from the series , only three have been asked to return , according to Naughty But Nice Rob . Ramona Singer , Carole Radziwill , and Heather Thomson have all been offered a spot on the show for the sixth season and they 've all accepted . However , Sonja Morgan , LuAnn de Lesseps , and Aviva Drescher are still waiting to hear of their fates .add brand new members ! Regardless of who snags a spot on the show , there is sure to be some juicy drama in the big apple , as always ! ' RHONY ' Season 6 Filming Delayed Though the reality show is confirmed for a sixth season , filming has come to halt . Filming was supposed to begin in January 2013 , but has been delayed multiple times . The cast has not been notified of when filming will start again , but Ramona , Carole , and Heather have nothing to worry about ! Rumors that the show is being cancelled have surfaced due to the delays , but they are all false . HollywoodLifers , are you excited for Season 6 of the RHONY ? Tell us , below ! 
Why do we imprison people who are addicted to illegal drugs instead of treating them for their addiction ? That question is at the heart of David Sheff 's new book Clean : Overcoming Addiction and Ending America 's Greatest Tragedy . It reports the latest medical and scientific research about addiction and recovery , which , Sheff says , shows that drug addicts are gravely ill , afflicted with a chronic , progressive and often terminal disease . Sheff 's research is motivated by having watched his son Nic 's addiction nearly destroy him and the family . Nic started smoking marijuana when he was 12 and eventually moved on to shooting heroin and crystal meth . He became homeless , living on the streets , in cars , in parks , and when he did come home , he stole from and lied to the family . Sheff wrote about how the family lived through his son 's addiction in the best-selling memoir Beautiful Boy . Nic wrote about his addiction in two memoirs and has been clean for five years . Davidhis family 's experience and why he feels the nation 's approach to drug treatment failed his son . Interview Highlights On the first time his son got high " Nic describes the first time he used in high school as transformative . It was n't so much about being high -- it was about feeling OK for the first time in his life . He said that he did n't know it was possible to feel an absence of the intense anxiety that he felt , the intense depression . So when he got high , it was just life-changing . " Addiction is a disease like anything else . It 's like cancer , like heart disease , like diabetes . And we know that at the first signs of serious illness , we want to seek treatment . On why we should n't wait for a person to hit rock bottom before getting them help " I 've heard over and over again , we 're told that they had to let their kids , you know , their husbands , theirback , not to intervene , let them hit bottom so they would crawl into a treatment and say , ' Please help me . ' That idea , it is so dangerous . It has killed so many people . The other problem with it is that this is a progressive disease , which means that as long as it 's not being treated , it gets worse . So the longer we stand back and allow this to happen and allow the drug use to continue and allow the behavior that is caused by the drug use to worsen so that someone is going to use more drugs and it 's just a cycle , the harder it is to treat them . So addiction is a disease like anything else . It 's like cancer , like heart disease , like diabetes . And we know that at the first signs of serious illness , we want to seek treatment . If someone in our families had early warning signs of any of those diseases , we would bring them to a doctor to figure out what isprogressed . " David Sheff is the author of the best-selling memoir Beautiful Boy.His other books include Game Over , China Dawn and All We Are Saying . He lives with his family in Inverness , Calif . Bart Nagel/Eamon Dolan/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt hide caption toggle caption Bart Nagel/Eamon Dolan/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt David Sheff is the author of the best-selling memoir Beautiful Boy.His other books include Game Over , China Dawn and All We Are Saying . He lives with his family in Inverness , Calif . Bart Nagel/Eamon Dolan/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt On his son 's most recent relapse " He 'd been sober for a long time . It was after Nic and I talked to you on your show and , you know , one day we were together and he said , ' I can not believe what I did . I was at someone 's house . Just almost automatic , I opened up the medicine cabinet . There was a bottle of Vicodin . I thought to myself , ' Just one , ' which is common for addicts .themselves and to us , and soon the bottle was gone and he said , ' I woke up this morning and realized that if I do n't do something I am going to be back on the streets within a week . ' So this was the first time I did n't have to say a word . He got on the phone , he called the Hazelden treatment center in Minnesota . He was on a plane that day . To me , it 's possible to look back on that and say all the treatments before that were a failure : Here he was sober for such a long time , and he relapsed again . But for me , it 's the opposite : It shows that the treatments had helped him so much that he was able to recognize that he was in a free fall . " On one of the problems he has with the 12-step program " The 12 steps are a completely profound treatment for so many people , but not most people , and that 's the problem that. It 's only in the programs many , many rehabs are based on , this idea that the 12 steps are the key , are the only way to stay sober . That 's my problem . You get people in treatment -- especially teenagers -- I mean , what is it to be a teenager ? It is to feel , you know , this powerfulness , and part of the 12 steps is that you have to admit that you are powerless over your addiction . You have to turn your life over to a higher power , you know . Teenagers , some do , of course , but part of being a teenager is that you 're not going to turn your life over to anyone . " 
Author Website Tips : The Importance Of A Call To Action Writer 's Relief has a subsidiary company , Web Design Relief , in which we design websites for authors . So , in addition to the writing and targeting advice we 've offered in our articles , we 'll be sharing tips on Web design , how to establish an online presence , how to best utilize social media , and more . To get the ball rolling , we 're starting with one of the most important features of an author website -- one you 'll need to quickly grow repeat visitors . Keep reading to learn how to implement a strong call to action on your author website and build your author platform . Call To Action : What It Is And How To Use It A call to action is a clear statement , instructing your visitors what to do or how to reach a goal , whether it be trivial or important . With a strong call to action , you tell your visitors , " Do this ,as subtly as the wording of a menu option . A subtle call to action would be to label your published works page , " Read My Published Work , " instead of " Published Work . " The former is a call to action , and the latter is neutral information . An overt call to action would be , " Enter the contest here ! " and " Join the mailing list to receive weekly tips , " which say openly to the visitor , " You should do this . " By writing , " You can enter the contest here , " you imply , " if you feel like it , " which wo n't give your visitors the same psychological push to follow through . 3 Ways Writers Can Use Calls To Action As a writer , you need a call to action on your author website to attract repeat visitors and promote your online platform . And while you might not have any books for sale , and you might not have a mailing list yet , the following callson his or her website . Note : You do n't want to overwhelm visitors with too many calls to action right on the homepage . Based on your biggest priority , choose one of the following items for your homepage 's main call to action . Social media pages . It 's important for any writer to promote himself or herself on social media . And while different social media pages lend themselves to writing more than others ( Twitter and Facebook are very text-based while Pinterest is better suited for images ) , you should invest ample time in building your presence on multiple social media forms . If that 's your strength , you should direct your visitors to your well-followed Twitter feed or your haiku-a-day Facebook fan page . Mailing lists . One of the best ways to build your repeat audience is to create a mailing list . A first-time visitor is more likely to come back to your website or social media pages if he/she is actively receiving new e-mails in his/her inbox from you , directing him/her to " Click hereto action to sign up for your mailing list , first-time visitors probably wo n't be inclined to fill out the sign-up form -- or , worse , they wo n't even realize that you have a mailing list because it was n't clearly stated on the most heavily trafficked pages of your website . Selling books or other products or services . If you 've self-published or traditionally published any books , chapbooks , e-books , etc. , or offer services like ghostwriting or proofreading , it 's important to funnel your visitors toward those items you have for sale . If they 're not interested in purchasing anything , they can still browse the rest of the site , and you 've eliminated the chance that a happy visitor clicked out of the site before realizing that he/she could purchase your written work or services . By using calls to action in a purposeful way , you 'll greatly increase your repeat visitors and active participators . And remember : You do n't need to be heavy-handed with your calls to action . There are very subtleaction . By giving one direct instruction instead of multiple options or wishy-washy offers , you can better build your online platform . 
Why did 28,000 rivers in China suddenly disappear ? For years , China claimed to hold an estimated 50,000 rivers within its borders . Now , more than half of them have abruptly vanished . Last week , China 's Ministry of Water Resources announced the results of a three-year survey of the country 's waterways , revealing startling declines in water supply . According to the census , there were 22,909 rivers in China as of 2011 , each covering an area of at least 100 square kilometers . That marks a decrease of about 28,000 from the government 's previous estimates , raising fears among environmentalists and putting Beijing on the defensive . China 's longest rivers , the Yangtze and the Yellow , have each seen decliningwater levels in recent years , but the government 's survey -- its most comprehensive to date -- may shed new light on the breadth and gravity of the country 's crisis . According to the South China Morning Post , officials attributed the decline to global warming and outdated mapping techniques , saying1950s . Experts , meanwhile , say there are more direct factors at play -- namely , explosive economic development and poor environmental stewardship . Ma Jun , director of the Beijing-based Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs , acknowledges that updated mapping techniques could explain some discrepancies in river estimates , though he notes that the government 's findings corroborate those from independent studies . " pollution is destroying the limited resources we have " " Our research has shown that in some areas , especially in north China , rivers are drying up or turning into seasonal rivers , " Ma said in a phone interview with The Verge . There are several explanations for this phenomenon , including deforestation and , to a less certain extent , climate change , though Ma says the two primary catalysts are pollution and overpopulation . Together , they form a potentially disastrous combination . China 's mushrooming population has added extra strain to its limited water supply , while the country 's rampant industrialization has left many rivers contaminated . The extent of China 's pollutionwhen more than 12,000 dumped pig carcasses washed ashore in Shanghai and Jiaxing . Agricultural and industrial waste has had a pronounced human impact , as well , contaminating water supplies in so-called " cancer villages " -- a moniker for areas with particularly high cancer rates . Dead pigs and cancer villages These incidents have drawn greater attention to China 's water crisis , while reviving concerns over the environmental costs of unfettered economic development . Chinese lawmakers , however , have been grappling with these issues for decades . China 's modern water management system dates back to the 1960s , when a series of devastating floods forced Mao Zedong to commission an array of dams , reservoirs , and spillways . Mao 's infrastructure helped prevent floods , but it also created ecological imbalances by blocking rivers that once flowed into the North China Plain . As a result , lakes and rivers in the region began drying up , and farmers began depleting well supplies . Population growth has only compounded China 's supply issues . According to a 2006 study from theChina 's water use has increased more than fivefold since 1949 , forcing the government to take even more drastic measures . In 2008 , China unveiled the Three Gorges Dam -- a massive hydropower project that the country heralded as a marvel of engineering . Today , it 's the largest hydropower structure in the world , though it has had disastrous ecological and social effects , resulting in deadly landslides and the displacement of an estimated 1.4 million people . The government openly acknowledged these pitfalls in 2011 , but it remains intent on building the South-North Water Transfer Project -- an even grander undertaking that the New York Times described as " China 's most ambitious attempt to subjugate nature . " When completed , the $62 billion initiative will divert water from China 's already drought-ravaged southern region to the northern Yellow and Hai rivers . " An emergency relief effort " Ma describes the Water Transfer Project as " an emergency relief effort , " citing the dire situation in China 's northeast region , though he does n't see it asout of water without this project , " he said , " but even the current volume of redirected water likely wo n't be enough to keep up with demand . " Instead , Ma and others say China should focus on controlling demand and regulating pollution , rather than re-allocating its water supply . Xavier Leflaive , head of the water team at the OECD 's Environment Directorate , says China should implement market-based reforms to encourage more responsible water usage , while phasing out fertilizer subsidies to mitigate agricultural runoff . He acknowledges that China is n't the only country facing these issues ; global water demand is expected to increase 55 percent over the next three decades , and rapidly developing countries like India have faced similar crises . But Beijing 's unique economic and social developments add an extra layer of urgency . " This global trend is exacerbated in China by the speed and scale of urbanization and economic development , and by a lack of strong monitoring , inspection and enforcement capabilities , " Leflaive said in an email to The Vergesound policies , laws and regulations . " China has implemented tougher regulations on water usage and pollutants -- the so-called " three red lines " -- though it remains to be seen whether they can be enforced across an expansive , and fast-growing economy . " punish offenders with no mercy and enforce the law with an iron fist " The good news is that the Chinese government seems willing to take a harder stance on environmental stewardship . In the past , Beijing has scoffed at calls to control its greenhouse emissions , arguing that it should n't be punished for its own economic prosperity . But Premier Li Keqiang has adopted a more environmentally conscious tone in recent weeks , vowing to be more transparent about his country 's ecological issues . " We must take the steps in advance , " Li said last month , " rather than hurry to handle these issues when they have caused a disturbance in society . " The premier has also promised to enforce current regulations on pollution , as he explained at his debutshow even greater resolve and take more vigorous efforts to clean up such pollution , " Li said . " We need to face the situation and punish offenders with no mercy and enforce the law with an iron fist . " Forgot username ? Almost done , By becoming a registered user , you are also agreeing to our Terms and confirming that you have read our Privacy Policy . Authenticating Great ! Choose an available username to complete sign up . In order to provide our users with a better overall experience , we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience . We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook. 
South Africa launches Viva Vodka The new South African vodka , Viva Vodka , has been released in a striking red bottle , with the icon of Africa placed front and centre , packing a visual punch as powerful as the smooth spirit within it . Manufactured through a carbon-filtered process and then distilled five times over a base of cane , it is set to challenge other vodkas with its attractive price point and quality , delivering all the complexity and subtlety expected from a vodka of this calibre . With its campaign , ' Live the Moment ! ' , the brand has gone national with its distribution , making it available in all good liquor outlets and selected Pick ' n Pay stores countrywide . LEGAL DISCLAIMER : This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards ( e.g. defamation , slander , or other such crimes ) . All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors . The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatevernot to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company , entity , individual(s) , or service in a false light ; should they do so , the legal consequences are theirs alone . Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors ' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law . 
Recipe : Canadian maple syrup stir-fried beef Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print By:Gav **25;85;TOOLONG Published on Rather than using sugar , this dish calls for some Canadian maple syrup for sweetness . The sweetness contrasted with the zip of the red wine vinegar makes this Crispy Maple Beef a morsel by morsel mouth-pleasing wok winner . Ingredients : 1 lb stir-fry beef 1 1/2 tsp baking soda 3 tbsp water Vegetable oil 1 cup cornstarch 1 large egg white , lightly beaten 1 tsp sesame oil 3 cups prepared white rice Sauce 4 tbsp maple syrup 4 tbsp red wine vinegar 2 tbsp soy sauce 1 tsp cornstarch 1 . Mix the beef , baking soda , and 3 tablespoons of water in a medium bowl . Cover , and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight ( the baking soda will tenderize the steak ) . 2 . To make the sauce , mix the syrupbowl . Set aside . 3 . Heat a large wok over high heat . Add enough vegetable oil to come about 1 1/2 inches up the sides of the wok , and heat to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile , add the cornstarch and egg white to the beef , and mix well to coat . 4 . Cook the beef one small batch at a time ( about 1/2 cup ) so that it does not bring the temperature of the oil too low . Stir gently until it begins to look crispy , about 1 minute . Using a wire mesh strainer , transfer the beef to a colander to drain . Remove any fried bits from the wok . 5 . Return the beef to the wok , and fry again until crispy all over , about 2 minutes . Transfer to a strainer to drain . Discard all but 1 tablespoon of oil from the wok . 6 . Return the wok to high heat . Add the beef , sauce mixture and sesame oil . Stir-fry until all of the ingredients aresteamed rice . 
Hunger pains Jets starving for a chance to dine at the playoff party High up on Bryan Little 's cheekbone -- left side , near his eye -- are the visible remnants of a fairly recent gash . And now that painful reminder has a couple of partners : an ugly cut across the bridge of his nose and a scrape on his upper lip that came Thursday night after a collision with Florida 's Erik Gudbranson and the end boards . This is the face many have seen before -- the face of sacrifice , of commitment , of the price to be paid . And if this were a month from now and Little and his Winnipeg Jets teammates were to find themselves in the postseason , it would be held up and glorified as the visage of a player battling in the Stanley Cup playoffs . JOE BRYKSA / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Bryan Little has n't played in a post-season game since his rookie season as a pro -- five years ago . Purchase Photo Print AP <p>only watch as they were swept by the Rangers from the 2007 post-season . Evander Kane Right now , that 's still a big ' if ' , what with the Jets still staring up at eight teams in the Eastern Conference standings . But it 's also not being melodramatic to suggest it 's the hunger to get to the postseason that is driving this club right now through a three-game win streak . Yes , there has been a hint of desperation in the collective Jets voices of late and a real evidence of it in their game . And on their faces . " The last time I played in a playoff game was with the Chicago Wolves in my first year as a pro , " said Little . " That was five years ago . " Anyone that 's never played in a playoff game is pretty hungry to get in there . I know there 's a couple of us guys who have been with Atlanta for a long time who have n't played in a playoff game ...last year . " That 's my dream . " He 's not alone . Of the 28 players now with the Jets -- not including rookie Jacob Trouba , who has yet to suit up -- 16 , or more than half , have never played in a single Stanley Cup playoff game . " I 'm just really focussed on these last games to try and change that and make ( playing in the playoffs ) a reality , " said Kane . " I really want to play in the playoffs . I do n't want to go home early this year . It 's already been a shortened season and it would be extremely disappointing if we did n't get the job done . " If we get hot and we win the majority of these last games it 's going to give us a good shot going into the playoffs . Once you get in the playoffs anything can happen . It 's cliche , but it 's true . For us it 's an opportunity win and that 's all Iopportunity you have no chance . " What the Jets hope to do in the next six games is twofold : 1 . Lock up a playoff spot for the franchise for first time since 2006-07 and 2 . Begin writing their own postseason history , separate from the Atlanta Thrashers crew that was swept out of the first round by the New York Rangers in its ' one and only trip to the Stanley Cup playoffs . " In the past ... I do n't know how it was last year but usually in Atlanta , this team has been way out of the playoff position this time of year , " said Olli Jokinen , a veteran of 1,084 NHL games , but only six in the playoffs . " It 's a great experience for the players and a great challenge at the same time . " We do n't want to be here in two weeks and say that ' Oh , we were close . ' That 's not the mindset we have . We have these couple of days off to getbe ready in the playoffs once we get there . " This is the exciting time of the year . We 're happy that we 're in the position that we can control where we 're going . Obvioisly it would be nice to have 10 more points and breathe a little easier but at the same time this team has n't been in the playoffs for a while and for a lot of the players this is a great situation . " Great , only if they can finish the deal here . Maybe that , in part , explains why Little returned in the third period after taking the hit from Gudbranson that opened up his nose and left some wondering if he had busted it . Just for the record , the Jets were winning 6-2 when Little exited . " You play every year to play for the Stanley Cup , " said Little . " That 's why you play the regular season . Most kids that grow up in Canada , that 's their dream : to play in the NHLa chance at the second , you 've got to make it to the playoffs and I can tell you it 's been tough not being there year after year . " Plus , I 'd love to see what it would be like here if there was a playoff game , " Little added , with a sly grin . " I think it would be crazy . " Related Items Articles You can comment on most stories on winnipegfreepress.com . You can also agree or disagree with other comments . All you need to do is be a Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscriber to join the conversation and give your feedback . 
Canada : Canadian Interest Rate Rules Where loan agreements are governed by Canadian law , borrowers and lenders should remain alert to the range of rules contained in Canadian legislation and jurisprudence that govern the payment of interest . The following is a summary of key Canadian interest rate rules and their practical implications . ( 1 ) Criminal rate of interest Under section 347 of the Criminal Code ( Canada ) , interest rates exceeding 60% per annum are " criminal rates of interest " . Section 347 contains two separate offenses . The first applies to those who enter into an agreement to receive interest at a criminal rate and the second to those who actually receive interest payments at a criminal rate . If an agreement permits , but does not require , the payment of interest at a criminal rate , there is no automatic violation . Instead , a ' wait-and-see ' approach has been adopted by the courts and , in these circumstances , a violation will only occur where a criminal rate of interest is actually receivedcommercial transaction to explicitly provide for interest at a rate over 60% , loan agreements often include up-front arrangement , commitment and other fees . The broad definition of " interest " in the Criminal Code captures ordinary commercial interest as well as a broad range of fees , fines and expenses ( including legal expenses ) . Other examples include consideration payable to a lender in the form of " equity kickers " such as shares , rights or warrants , which may also be regarded as " interest " . In 2010 , the British Columbia Court of Appeal considered the appropriate treatment of a royalty payable as consideration for a loan to enable a mining development company to acquire licences for a group of properties . The Court held that the royalty came within the extended definition of " interest " in the Criminal Code and constituted illegal interest to the extent that it exceeded 60% per annum . Where the terms of a loan have been agreed upon in good faith by experienced and independently advised commercial parties , the doctrine of notional severance may applymaximum of 60% . The doctrine remains in the discretion of the court but can helpful for lenders since it minimizes the potential for courts to drastically reduce interest rates by severing the entire offending payment provision . A provision in a loan agreement whereby the parties agree to reduce the rate of interest to a legal rate without making a new agreement can be particularly influential in helping a court allow a lender to receive the maximum legal rate of interest . ( 2 ) Statement of annual rate of interest If a loan agreement provides that interest is payable at a rate or percentage per day , week , month or any period less than a year , section 4 of the Interest Act ( Canada ) requires the agreement to also contain an express statement of the yearly rate or percentage of interest to which the other rate or percentage is equivalent , except in real estate mortgages . LIBOR and the US Base Rate , for instance , are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year . Under the Interest Act , failure tointerest over 5% per annum . ( 3 ) Higher interest rate after default for loans secured by a mortgage on real property Section 8 of the Interest Act prohibits fines or penalties or interest rates that increase the charge on arrears of principal or interest secured by a mortgage of real property beyond the interest rate payable on principal money not in arrears . In other words , a lender can not charge a higher rate of interest on monies owing after default . Prompt payment provisions in real property mortgages , which reduce the rate of interest at maturity if all payments had been timely , may also run afoul of section 8 . ( 4 ) Non-corporate borrower prepayment rights Section 10 of the Interest Act provides natural persons and certain other types of non-corporate borrowers with an automatic right of pre-payment in certain circumstances where principal or interest under a closed mortgage loan are payable more than five years after the date of the loan . Where section 10 applies , the mortgage can be pre-paid in full any time after the five-yearinterest . Mortgages given by corporations and joint-stock companies are expressly excluded from this prepayment right . Until recently , other entities that existed for business or commercial purposes were not necessarily captured by the exclusion . New regulations that came into force in January 2012 , however , expanded the range of entities carved out from the application of section 10 . Now mortgages or hypothecs granted by partnerships , trusts settled for business or commercial purposes and unlimited liability corporations will not attract these automatic prepayment rights . ( 5 ) Failure to include interest rate may be binding on the lender In a recent case from the Qu ? bec Court , the Court dismissed a claim by a financial institution seeking to rectify a loan agreement that mistakenly failed to state an interest rate . The parties were told to live with the mistake and the financial institution was not permitted to unilaterally amend the loan agreement to include the 6.95% rate that had been stipulated in the loan application . The financial institution was also ordered to pay damages for having registered aand financial reputation of one of the debtors . Notably , the financial institution did not request the annulment of the contract , which the court concluded would have been the only possible remedy . As these provisions demonstrate , lenders and borrowers should remain alert to the range of rules contained in Canadian legislation and case law that govern the rate of interest payable . We would be pleased to assist lenders and borrowers with these matters . The foregoing provides only an overview . Readers are cautioned against making any decisions based on this material alone . Rather , a qualified lawyer should be consulted . Each year , the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions holds a seminar in Toronto to update both in house lawyers and outside counsel on recent activities undertaken by the Legislation and Approvals Division . This change will only affect pension funds governed by Ontario law . The 2015 federal budget announced a review of this rule at the federal level , but it remains to be seen whether other jurisdictions will follow suit . Mondaq.com (and as a user you are granted a non-exclusive , revocable license to access the Website under its terms and conditions of use . Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions of use . Mondaq Ltd may terminate your use of the Website if you are in breach of these terms and conditions or if Mondaq Ltd decides to terminate your license of use for whatever reason . Use of www.mondaq.com You may use the Website but are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the content and articles available ( the Content ) . You may not modify , publish , transmit , transfer or sell , reproduce , create derivative works from , distribute , perform , link , display , or in any way exploit any of the Content , in whole or in part , except as expressly permitted in these terms &amp; conditions or with the prior written consent of Mondaq Ltd . You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information about Mondaq.com ?them any services or products which compete directly or indirectly with Mondaq Ltd ? s services and products . Disclaimer Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose . All such documents and related graphics are provided " as is " without warranty of any kind . Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information , including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , title and non-infringement . In no event shall Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special , indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use , data or profits , whether in an action of contract , negligence or other tortious action , arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server . The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors . Changesand/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time . Registration Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you , including what sort of information you are interested in , for three primary purposes : To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting . To enable features such as password reminder , newsletter alerts , email a colleague , and linking from Mondaq ( and its affiliate sites ) to your website . Mondaq ( and its affiliate sites ) do not sell or provide your details to third parties other than information providers . The reason we provide our information providers with this information is so that they can measure the response their articles are receiving and provide you with information about their products and services . If you do not want us to provide your name and email address you may opt out by clicking here . If you do not wish to receive any future announcements of products and services offered byWe require site users to register with Mondaq ( and its affiliate sites ) to view the free information on the site . We also collect information from our users at several different points on the websites : this is so that we can customise the sites according to individual usage , provide ' session-aware ' functionality , and ensure that content is acquired and developed appropriately . This gives us an overall picture of our user profiles , which in turn shows to our Editorial Contributors the type of person they are reaching by posting articles on Mondaq ( and its affiliate sites ) ? meaning more free content for registered users . We are only able to provide the material on the Mondaq ( and its affiliate sites ) site free to site visitors because we can pass on information about the pages that users are viewing and the personal information users provide to us ( e.g. email addresses ) to reputable contributing firms such as law firms who author those pages . We do not sell or rent information to anyone else other than the authorstime . Should you wish us not to disclose your details to any of these parties , please tick the box above or tick the box marked " Opt out of Registration Information Disclosure " on the Your Profile page . We and our author organisations may only contact you via email or other means if you allow us to do so . Users can opt out of contact when they register on the site , or send an email to unsubscribe@mondaq.com with ? no disclosure ? in the subject heading Mondaq News Alerts In order to receive Mondaq News Alerts , users have to complete a separate registration form . This is a personalised service where users choose regions and topics of interest and we send it only to those users who have requested it . Users can stop receiving these Alerts by going to the Mondaq News Alerts page and deselecting all interest areas . In the same way users can amend their personal preferences to add or remove subject areas . Cookies A cookie is a small text file written to a user ?The cookies do not contain any personal information about users . We use the cookie so users do not have to log in every time they use the service and the cookie will automatically expire if you do not visit the Mondaq website ( or its affiliate sites ) for 12 months . We also use the cookie to personalise a user 's experience of the site ( for example to show information specific to a user 's region ) . As the Mondaq sites are fully personalised and cookies are essential to its core technology the site will function unpredictably with browsers that do not support cookies - or where cookies are disabled ( in these circumstances we advise you to attempt to locate the information you require elsewhere on the web ) . However if you are concerned about the presence of a Mondaq cookie on your machine you can also choose to expire the cookie immediately ( remove it ) by selecting the ' Log Off ' menu option as the last thing you do when you use the site . Some of our business partners may) . However , we have no access to or control over these cookies and we are not aware of any at present that do so . Links This web site contains links to other sites . Please be aware that Mondaq ( or its affiliate sites ) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites . This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site . Surveys &amp; Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests . Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested . Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and delivery address ) , and demographic information ( such as postcode , age level ) . Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes . Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoringIf a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site , we ask them for the friend ? s name and email address . Mondaq stores this information and may contact the friend to invite them to register with Mondaq , but they will not be contacted more than once . The friend may contact Mondaq to request the removal of this information from our database . Security This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users ? information . When users submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected using firewalls and other security technology . If you have any questions about the security at our website , you can send an email to webmaster@mondaq.com . Correcting/Updating Personal Information If a user ? s personally identifiable information changes ( such as postcode ) , or if a user no longer desires our service , we will endeavour to provide a way to correct , update or remove that user ? s personal data provided to us . This can usually be done at the ?**27;92;TOOLONG . Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Terms &amp; Conditions or Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users by way of an email . Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner . We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected . How to contact Mondaq If for some reason you believe Mondaq Ltd. has not adhered to these principles , please notify us by e-mail at problems@mondaq.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly . 
REVIEW : Q With Jian Ghomeshi Jian Ghomeshi brought his CBC Radio One show to Regina on Thursday night . Q With Jian Ghomeshi Thursday Conexus Arts Centre Jeff DeDekker Leader-Post If Thursday night was any example , Jian Ghomeshi has one of the best jobs in the world . Ghomeshi , host of the CBC Radio One show Q With Jian Ghomeshi , made an incredible contribution to Juno Week with a remarkable two-hour show at the Conexus Arts Centre . The show , which will be carried Friday across North America on CBC Radio One , Sirius XM Satellite Radio channel 159 and U.S. public radio , was a true smorgasbord of great conversation and great music . It was entertaining , it was informative , it was enlightening . It certainly was everything anyone in the sold out crowd could 've hoped for when they decided to plunk down their hard earned money on a ticket . As Sheila Coles of CBC 's The Morning Edition put it in her introduction , " The king" And Ghomeshi was fortunate enough to bring more than enough quality artists to the show -- k.d. lang , Tom Cochrane , Dragonette , Jim Cuddy , Gary Roberts and Corb Lund each spent time conversing with the amiable host . Ghomeshi 's conversation with lang , which came after she stunned the audience with The Valley , hit a number of topics of interest . After touching base on lang 's induction into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame on Sunday , Ghomeshi asked about her the challenges of her life and career . " I have never felt like I was fully part of anything , " said lang . " Whether it 's being gay , being a Buddhist , being a Canadian . It would be best to be independent of categories because thinking in those terms is deflating . " She also admitted that there was a conscious decision about stepping away from trying to be a star -- " It takes so much energy , there 's so much pressure . You can see that Justin Bieber 's been strugglingworth it . " Lang also drew a laugh from the crowd when Ghomeshi asked her about the pressure of performing high-profile events . " Helpless and Hallelujah are great songs . All I have to do is sing them and that 's pretty easy , " lang said as the crowd erupted into laughter . Lang returned to the stage later in the evening to lend a helping hand when Bahamas performed Lost In The Light . While much of the night 's conversation was light , Ghomeshi 's chat with Cochrane had some serious moments as they discussed his involvement with charitable organizations like World Vision . Cochrane , who will be presented with the Allan Waters Humanitarian Award on Sunday , spoke of the importance of accepting the honour . " It means I can thank some people for inspiring me , " said Cochrane . " If you get up there thinking , ' I deserve this award , ' then you probably do n't deserve the award . " Cochrane finished his appearance with an acoustic version of athe first time I 've played the song live and I 'm scared shitless , " Cochrane said with a laugh . Ghomeshi also ensured that Regina was represented as Sandra Butel , artistic director of the Regina Folk Festival , and Jayden Pfeifer , an actor and comedian , were given the opportunity to , as the host put it , " tell me why Regina is so fantastic . " " People do n't live here because they do n't have anywhere better to go , " explained Butel . " They live here because it 's a community that makes stuff happen . " The evening , which featured the largest crowd ever for a remote broadcast of Q , lacked one tiny detail -- it just was n't long enough . Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts . We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion , so we ask you to avoid personal attacks , and please keep your comments relevant and respectful . If you encounter ain the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse . We are using Facebook commenting . Visit our FAQ page for more information . 
Another study finds GMO corn to be highly toxic A new study has been leaked which examines genetically modified corn and reveals that the crop contains a startling level of toxic chemicals and just is n't as nutritious as natural corn . The study was reportedly run by Profit Pro and is called the " 2012 Corn Comparison Report . " It was published recently on the Moms Across America March to Label GMOs website . The group states on their website that they wish to " raise awareness and support Moms with solutions to eat GMO Free as we demand GMO labeling locally and nationally simultaneously . " They are planning on organizing several nationwide marches this year against GMOs . The study gives the results of an education-based consulting company 's comparison of corn types and what the study shows is that genetically modified foods may be more hazardous than once thought . Not only does the study show that the crop is hazardous to health , it further shows that it is far less nutritious than traditional , organic cornAmerica website , the report was provided by a representative for De Dell Seed Company , an Ontario-based farm that boasts it is Canada 's only non-GMO corn seed company . Honeycutt says she was " floored " after reading the study and said that , " The claims that ' There is no difference between GMO corn and non GMO corn ' are false . " According to tests run by Profit Pro , GMO corn contains various elements which are absent from traditional corn , including chlorides , formaldehyde and glyphosate and they are present to the tune of 60 ppm , 200pm and 13 ppm , respectively . Accordng to Honeycutt , the United States Environmental Protection Agency mandates the level of glyphosate in American drinking water must not exceed 0.7 ppm , adding that organ damage in some animals has been linked to glyphosate exposure exceeding 0.1 ppm . " Glyphosate draws out the vital nutrients of living things and GMO corn is covered with it , " adds Honeycutt , further noting that the " nutritional benefits rampant in natural corn arethe study , in the samples used , non-GMO corn is alleged to have 437-times the amount of calcium of genetically modified versions , and 56-times the level of magnesium and 7-times the level of manganese . This study takes a further step to the recent study run by Professor Gilles-Eric S ? ralini , the French scientist who ran lifetime tests on GM corn and Roundup on rats , where he showed that levels of Roundup ( Monsanto 's herbicide of which its main chemical ingredient is glyphosate ) , currently considered " safe " , can cause mammary tumors and multiple organ damage ( kidney and liver ) These studies also come as a decision on Capitol Hill to approve an annual agriculture appropriations bill has been passed , despite the provision within the act which contained a rider that frees GMO corporations such as the multi-billion-dollar Monsanto Company from liability . Dubbed the " Monsanto Protection Act , " this provision was written by a lawmaker who has lobbied for Monsanto , and it states that biotech companies wo n't need federal approval to testare unknown . It seems that the advertisement by Monsanto for Roundup , featured in the video below , may be truer than we thought : 
Staples district manager Carlo Pellegrino and Anita Girvan share high fives with students at Campus View Elementary School in Victoria , BC after winning a $25,000 computer lab in Staples Canada 's Recycle for ... Facebook Twitter Pinterest Staples district manager Carlo Pellegrino and Anita Girvan share high fives with students at Campus View Elementary School in Victoria , BC after winning a $25,000 computer lab in Staples Canada 's Recycle for Education contest . ( CNW Group/Staples Canada Inc . ) Teacher Shelley Kofluk tears up when M.E. LaZerte High School in Edmonton , AB is announced a $25,000 computer lab winner in Staples Canada 's Recycle for Education contest . ( CNW Group/Staples Canada Inc . ) Staples Canada awards $250,000 in computer labs to 10 schools across the country TORONTO , April 18 , 2013 /CNW/ - Ten schools across Canada got an early Earth Day recognition after scoring high marks for their environmental initiatives . Held in collaboration with Earth DayCanada , Staples Canada 's Recycle for Education Computer Lab contest once again featured creative ideas from someshowcasing green initiatives were submitted by elementary and secondary schools from coast-to-coast . " It 's inspiring to see students across the country embracing the idea that we all need to do more for the environment , " said Steve Matyas , president of Staples Canada . " These students are seeking innovative solutions to benefit their schools and to make a positive difference in their community . " Currently in its third year , Staples Canada 's Recycle for Education Computer Lab contest rewarded the following schools with a $25,000 grant toward new computer equipment : Campus View Elementary School , Victoria , BC Windermere Community Secondary School , Vancouver , BC Hillview Elementary School , Edmonton , AB M.E. LaZerte High School , Edmonton , AB ? cole Saint-Avila , Winnipeg , MB Parkview Secondary School , Hamilton , ON E.L . Crossley Secondary School , Fonthill , ON H ? l ? ne-de-Champlain Secondary School , Longueuil , QC Notre-Dame-de-Liesse , Saint-Eug ? ne-de-Guigues , QC Holy Name of Mary Academy , Lawn , NL <p>student at ? cole Saint-Avila in Winnipeg , showed how the entire school community decided to rise to the " eco-challenge . " The entry told the story of how the collective efforts of 450 students led to 26 organizations coming together to plant native trees and plants on the school grounds - creating a massive rain garden - to help improve air and water quality , an initiative that is now heralded as a model across the province . " Our principal and the parent committee received so many calls requesting tours of our school grounds that they wrote a guide book on how to improve school grounds and sent a copy to every school in Manitoba , " wrote Chakhmouradian . " Now , at least 10 other schools are planting rain gardens because of what we did ! " Earth DayCanada works closely with teachers across the country to help develop programs designed to show students the importance of sustainability ; it is a critical part of their mission to foster and celebrate environmental respect , action and behaviour change . " Students andissues in their communities , " said Jed Goldberg , president of Earth DayCanada . " The Recycle for Education program , by providing computer labs to schools , allows students access to knowledge , and in turn the practical solutions they can leverage , to address local environmental challenges . " For more information on Staples ' environmental programs , or how schools can get a free ink cartridge bin , please visit Staples.ca . About Staples Canada Staples , Canada 's largest office products company is committed to providing Canadians with a wide choice of office services and products . Serving all types of business - from the small home office to large enterprise - Staples makes it easy for customers to operate their offices efficiently and affordably by offering an extensive selection of office supplies , technology , electronics and office furniture as well as business services , including computer repair and maintenance , and copy and print services . Operating as Bureau en GrosMC in the province of Quebec and Staples Canada in all other provinces , the company employs over 15,000 associates at 330+Ontario . Ranked as one of Canada 's top ten Canadian companies in Marketing Magazine 's Marketing/Leger 2011 Corporate Reputation Survey , Staples/Bureau en Gros is dedicated to offering customers the highest level of service , whether they choose to shop in-store , by catalogue or online . Staples Canada/Bureau en Gros also is invested in a number of corporate giving programs that actively support environmental , educational and entrepreneurial initiatives in Canadian communities from coast to coast . Visit www.staples.ca for more information , or visit us on Facebook and Twitter . About Earth DayCanadaEarth DayCanada ( EDC ) , a national environmental charity founded in 1990 , provides Canadians with the practical knowledge and tools they need to lessen their impact on the environment . In 2004 it was recognized as the top environmental education organization in North America , for its innovative year-round programs and educational resources , by the Washington-based North American Association for Environmental Education , the world 's largest association of environmental educators . In 2008 it was chosen as Canada 's " Outstanding Non-profit Organization " by the Canadian Network for Environmental Educationin all parts of Canada . To donate to Earth DayCanada , please visit www.earthday.ca/donate. 
Radio Digital Government to consider Mali peacekeeping force Eight Irish military personnel are involved in an EU training mission of the Malian Armed Forces The Government is to give serious consideration to members of the Irish Defence Forces serving in any UN peacekeeping force that may be created to assist Mali . Minister for Defence Alan Shatter told a meeting of his EU colleagues that it was important to have a coherent plan in which member states had a greater level of participation in such missions . Eight Irish military personnel are involved in an EU training mission of the Malian Armed Forces . It is hoped the mission will help restore the country 's territorial integrity , while ensuring human rights are respected and the civilian population is protected . At a meeting of EU defence ministers in Luxembourg last night , Mr Shatter said there was a clear commitment from the EU that it would maintain its engagement with Mali for as long as was necessary , after militants linked to al-Qaeda were pushed back by French, which it is hoped will give legitimacy to the new government . Mr Shatter said he believed that the EU training mission would remain in the country for " some time " . He said there was going to be a " clear need " for a peacekeeping mission with a UN mandate in Mali . Mr Shatter said should that happen , the Government would give " serious consideration to members of the Irish Defence Forces participating " . 
The gangs are involved mainly in street thefts and shoplifting during the day and then focusing on customers in nightclubs and pubs at night . Gardai have smashed one gang from Romania after raiding a flat on the North Circular Road in Dublin . Officers recovered goods worth at least ? 7,000 , including mobile phones , clothing , jewellery , alcohol and cosmetics that had been stolen in a spate of crime in Dublin and surrounding counties . The search was carried out by gardai from Pearse Street station on Sunday morning and the haul included a mobile phone that had been stolen from a nightclub in Naas , Co Kildare , hours earlier . The garda raid was planned under Operation Aughrim , which was established to combat a big rise mainly in phone thefts around the capital . It was set up after a total of 7,887 mobiles , mainly iPhone 4 models , were taken between January 1 and December 10 last year . Based on intelligence collected about the activities of one gang , comprised of4,500 worth of clothing , which had been shoplifted from several high-street stores , along with phones worth ? 2,000 . Gardai believe 14 suspects are involved in this gang . No arrests were made at the flat but gardai said last night that these were " imminent " . Gardai said that many of those who had been identified here had come to the attention of police in other countries . Inspector John Foudy , of Pearse Street , said they were currently trying to establish the owners of the stolen items and pointed out that the task would be much easier in relation to the phones if the owners of the mobiles knew their IMEI ( international mobile equipment identity ) numbers . A mobile owner can access the IMEI number by keying in *#06# and the owner is advised to send the number to a colleague to ensure if the phone is stolen , it can be identified . 
Boxing South Africa Novice Ndongeni wins SA title Nine-fight novice Xolisani Ndongeni beat Godfrey Nzimande to win the SA junior lightweight title in East London on Sunday afternoon . Ndongeni won the fight against the fancied and more experienced Nzimande on points -- 119-109 on two cards and 119-110 . The 22-year-old Ndongeni improved his record to 10-0 , including seven wins inside the distance , as he dominated the bout at the Orient Theatre . The 31-year-old Nzimande , whose record dropped to 28-4-1 ; 21 , is a former SA champion and also held the World Boxing Foundation junior lightweight title . But he was never in the fight as Ndongeni took charge from the opening bell . Both fighters were cut over their eyes but the cuts were never a factor . The younger Ndongeni , who weighed 58.90 kg , outboxed and outclassed Nzimande ( 58.35 kg ) throughout . A sluggish Nzimande spent most of the fight following his slick opponent around the ring , swinging wildly and missing most of the time . <p>as he jabbed away at the champion , beating him to the punch and scoring with combinations to finish a popular winner in front of his home crowd . OTHER RESULTS Mini-flyweight : Siyabonga Siyo stopped Sinethemba Ralane in the second round and Nhlanhla Ngamntwini beat Malibongwe Mntusanto on points over six 
Tennis WTA Sharapova retains Stuttgart title with ease World No 2 Maria Sharapova saved her best performance of the week for last when she successfully defended her Stuttgart Grand Prix title with a 6-4 6-3 victory over second seed Li Na of China to kick off her clay-court season in style on Sunday . Sharapova , who had needed three sets in all her previous rounds in Stuttgart , found it easier against Li , taking revenge for her Australian Open straight-sets semifinal defeat to the Chinese . " I thought I would play three sets today . Li is a great opponent . I knew it would be one of the toughest matches because she had a great week , " said a beaming Sharapova before stepping into a luxury sports car , a gift from the tournament sponsors . " I was very fortunate to be in this position today , " said the 26-year-old , who has also won the title in Indian Wells this year , in a courtside interview . " Our head-to-head is pretty tightpretty well so I wanted revenge . " This video is not available in your region The top seed , her loud grunts echoing around the stadium , snatched a break at the start , with a sizzling backhand down the line that left Li stranded . World No 5 Li , who has won one title this year , sent a crosscourt backhand into the net to give the Russian another break and allow her to go 4-1 up . The Australian Open finalist bounced back in the next game and grabbed her own first break when Sharapova sent a forehand long after a long rally . Sharapova was in no mood for adventures , however , and quickly established a double break cushion , then served out the first set on her first opportunity when Li sank a return into the net after another well-placed serve . The pair traded blows until Sharapova earned another break point and went 4-3 up . With a superb first-serve figure of 76 percent throughout the game , she kept her opponent 